Subject:[Chelsea] Chelsea face referee backlash if accusations are baseless
	[Independent]
Clattenburg keen for swift return to action but Metropolitan Police open
an investigation

Sam Wallace
Wednesday 31 October 2012

The mood among select group referees, and their assistants, after the
events of three days is one of disbelief that such havoc could be
wreaked on a referee's career on the say-so of Premier League
footballers. Clattenburg, accused of "inappropriate language", including
a racial slur against John Obi Mikel, is now the subject of a police
investigation.

Many referees feel they are all vulnerable to allegations that could
easily have been made on a misunderstanding - or worse - and they
believe as a whole there should be repercussions for Chelsea if the
accusations against Clattenburg are baseless.

Clattenburg himself is understood to be keen on a swift return to
refereeing, although he accepted the decision that he is best left off
the list for this weekend's fixtures. However, he does not want to spend
too much time away and if the Football Association and police
investigation drags on without any charges being pressed, he wants to
referee again before the resolution of the case.

Somewhat ironically Clattenburg devotes much of his spare time to
studying for a law degree. Originally an electrician, his law studies
are well-known in the game where many of the top-level referees and
assistants spend time together before matches.

The seriousness of the case escalated yesterday when the Metropolitan
Police activated an investigation on the basis of a complaint from Peter
Herbert, chair of the Society of Black Lawyers. However, unlike with the
John Terry-Anton Ferdinand case last year, the Met has not requested
that the FA suspend its investigations until the end of the criminal
inquiry, although it could yet do so.

Chelsea have conducted their own internal investigation by an
independent barrister. The club believe that will be completed today.
They were not prepared to go to the police with any complaint until that
had been done.

The 37-year-old referee, who is being advised and supported by Prospect,
the union which represents referees and officials, is adamant that he
did not utter a racial slur at Mikel or Juan Mata. He has not issued a
statement in public because he is yet to be formally accused of anything
in any detail beyond Chelsea's original allegation of "inappropriate
language".

The most serious allegation against Clattenburg is believed to be that
the Mikel incident took place between his dismissal of Fernando Torres
on 68 minutes and in the aftermath of his booking of the Nigerian for
dissent eight minutes later. The Brazilians Ramires and David Luiz are
understood to have alleged they heard an insult, which Mikel did not.

Manchester United and Chelsea meet again at Stamford Bridge tonight in
the Capital One Cup with greater stewarding provisions in place to cope
with a larger away crowd and a great deal riding on referee Lee Mason
keeping the peace.

In a bid to restore some confidence in their officials, the referees'
body PGMO (Professional Game Match Officials) have entrusted the two
highest-profile televised Premier League games on Saturday - Manchester
United v Arsenal and West Ham v Manchester City, to their leading
referees, Mike Dean and Howard Webb.

Herbert, who made the complaint that triggered the investigation into
Clattenburg, told The Independent that he had adopted a policy of "zero
tolerance" and from now on would "almost certainly" be referring every
race allegation in football to the police for a criminal inquiry.

Herbert said: "Over the last year we have seen there has continued to be
incidents of racism in football. We got the impression that the industry
hasn't got a grip on the problem. After speaking to some footballers and
holding a seminar, we adopted a policy of zero tolerance that the people
know there will be a swift and serious response."

Herbert said that four-match ban given to Terry as part of his
punishment for racially abusing Anton Ferdinand, along with a pnds
220,000 fine, was "laughable" and a "slap on the wrist". "If people in
football don't like it then I'm sorry but football is part of society,
not the other way around."

He said that his organisation would push for police investigation into
race allegations in football "until there is a proper strategy where the
FA combats these matters effectively". He said: "You can't have these
levels of hate crime prevalent, it's unacceptable in the so-called
beautiful game" Herbert said that he had not spoken to any of the
Chelsea players involved in the incident on Sunday.

It is unlikely that Mikel and Mata will feature in tonight's game. Oriol
Romeu, a substitute on Sunday, said in an interview with Spanish radio
that neither Mata nor Mikel heard the alleged slurs uttered by
Clattenburg against them. Romeu said: "I only know Chelsea made a
complaint and there could really be a problem if what Chelsea players
say happened is proved."


Chelsea to issue warning to fans

Chelsea will remind their supporters to behave amid a review of security
arrangements ahead of tonight's Capital One Cup game with Manchester
United. A repeat of Sunday's Premier League fixture will have increased
scrutiny given recent events and the presence of twice as many United
supporters.

Chelsea will issue a message in tonight's programme reminding fans of
their responsibilities regarding the safety of fans and staff alike. On
Sunday a Chelsea steward from the Matthew Harding stand had to be
treated in hospital for a knee injury. It was sustained following
movement in the crowd when Javier Hernandez scored United's winner.
Missiles, including part of a seat, were thrown at United's players.

A Chelsea spokesman said last night that they will "keep security
arrangements under continual review" but given Sunday's events, and the
increased away fans, tighter measures are likely. Because tonight's game
is Capital One Cup rather than Premier League there will be 6,000 United
fans, twice as many as on Sunday, occupying the full Shed End upper and
lower.

Jack Pitt-Brooke

regards
Harry



_______________________________________________
Chelsea mailing list
Chelsea@jesternix.net
http://jesternix.net/mailman/listinfo/chelsea_jesternix.net
