Subject:Re: [address-policy-wg] 2012-05 New Draft and Impact Analysis
 Documents Published (Transparency in Address Block Transfers)
* Ingrid Wijte

> Just to clarify our position a bit here. We are willing and able to=20
> publish the information. But the fact remains that there is now a
> policy proposal being discussed in the community that specifically
> deals with making this information publicly available. It doesn't
> make much sense for us to go ahead and publish the information in a
> different format before we know the outcome of the policy proposal.

Hi,

I would like the list of transfers to be made public, but I would at the
same time prefer that this proposal did *not* pass, because if you are
willing to publish the information anyway, there's really no need to add
more policy text - we have enough text in the policy as it is.

However, now I'm faced with a dilemma. If I (and others) object to this
proposal so that it ends up not passing, I worry that the NCC would then
opt *not* to publish the information - considering that the community
would then have just rejected a proposal that told you to do so, it
would not be all that surprising if you interpret that as the message
from the community is =ABdon't make this information public=BB.

However, if you will go ahead and publish information after this
proposal is finished - even if it failed! - you might as well go ahead
and do it right now, since you'll end up publishing no matter what.

I hope that made sense to you...

However, if it is the determination of the format/syntax of the
published data that is the only thing that's stopping you from
publishing right now, then I have a suggestion:

Make a mock transfer list based on your current understanding of the
proposal, and then maybe, if the proposer agrees it will give him the
information he want to see made public, he could withdraw the proposal
in exchange for you starting to publishing the real list immediately
afterwards. This ought to keep everyone happy:

- Proposer and the rest of the community gets access to all the
information we want, and much faster than if we had to wait for the PDP
to complete
- No addition of extraneous text to the policy document
- No need for micro management of the NCC

Does this sound like a reasonable path forward? (this question is meant
both for the proposer and the NCC)

--=20
Tore Anderson
Redpill Linpro AS - http://www.redpill-linpro.com

