Subject:REMINDER: AmeriDendro Abstract Submission Deadline, Dec. 1, 2012
Apologies for any cross-posting.....

AMERIDENDO ABSTRACT SUBMISSION DEADLINE: DECEMBER 1, 2012 (MIDNIGHT, 
TUCSON TIME)

We hope you will come to Tucson for the Second American Dendrochronology 
Conference, 13-17 May, 2013,
http://treeringsociety.org/ameridendro2013

Please submit your paper or poster abstract before December 1, 2012, 
midnight (MST, Tucson time). The conference will be at a centrally 
located hotel in Tucson, Arizona. The registration fee will be $500, 
which covers the presentation sessions, printed abstract books, a 
welcome reception, breakfasts, breaks with refreshments, lunches, and 
some dinners, including a banquet at the new Bryant Bannister Tree-Ring 
Building at the University of Arizona. On the first day there will be 
extended workshop-style meetings on some of the topics for which people 
have already expressed an interest. Accommodation at the conference 
hotel will cost around $85 per room per night (plus tax) in addition to 
the registration fee. Four parallel half-day field trips are an integral 
part of the conference, so the fee also covers one of these...

1. Mt. Lemmon Highway:
One of America’s best single-day natural history tours, the Mt. Lemmon 
Highway traverses 6500 feet (2000 m) of elevation with very little 
driving. Stops will be made to see multiple different forest ecosystem 
types. Dendrochronology projects will be visited, and wildland fire 
management will be featured.

2. Biosphere II and Hohokam Archaeology:
One of the world’s most interesting scientific installations, Biosphere 
II is truly unique as a building and as a research center. Our tour of 
Biosphere II will include going inside. Then, Catalina State Park has 
the Romero Ruin, a classic period Hohokam surface pueblo, and a bosque 
of mesquite, one of the more important tree species of the Sonoran 
desert. Owls are possible at dusk.

3. Sonoran Desert and Rock Art:
The Arizona-Sonora Desert Museum is world-renown for its collection and 
interpretation of flora and fauna of one of the world’s most diverse and 
productive deserts, the Sonoran Desert. Then, a rock art site known as 
Signal Hill, with petroglyphs from Hohokam Culture, will be visited.

4. San Xavier Mission and Madrean Woodland:
The San Xavier Mission is a prime example of Spanish Mission 
architecture, and it serves as a focal point for discussion of Spanish 
Entrada into the American Southwest. Then, the Santa Rita Experiment 
Station, the oldest experiment station in the US, has an extensive 
history of environmental research. Lastly, Madera Canyon is a popular 
respite from the heat and a classic Madrean Mixed Woodland, complete 
with active bird feeders and perhaps owls at dusk.

An optional pre-conference excursion from Tucson to the Grand Canyon and 
various national parks in the Flagstaff area will run from Friday, May 
10 to Sunday, May 12, but will not be covered by the main conference fee.

The current topic areas for the 15-minute oral presentations or posters 
are...
• Old World dendroarchaeology
• New World dendroarchaeology
• Dendrochemistry
• Stable isotopes in tree rings
• Wood anatomy
• Observation and modeling of xylogenesis
• Fire ecology and climatology
• Forest ecology
• The carbon cycle
• Dendrohydrology
• Dendroclimatology
• Climate of recent millennia
• Tree-ring network analysis
• Chronology building — signal extraction
• Subfossil wood in the Americas
• Recent growth changes and tree mortality
• Tropical dendrochronology
• Dendrogeomorphology
• Tree rings and natural hazards
• Science and decision making: A role for dendrochronology
• Recent dendrochronological studies in Latin America
• Results from tree-ring field courses such as NADEF.

Please categorize your abstract with at most three of these topics when 
you submit it. Posters will remain up throughout the conference, with a 
reception one evening when all presenters will be at their posters. 
While we aim to provide everyone who prefers an oral presentation with 
this opportunity, time constraints may necessitate recommending some 
oral proposals for poster format. A very limited number of conference 
fee waivers will be available for students who are helping with 
conference organization tasks.

You can submit abstracts by following the link
http://bit.ly/SzfpWS
and the provisional conference timetable is at
http://bit.ly/RFlDBl
Full registration will become available on December 21, 2012, and you 
will receive notice of acceptance for an abstract submission no later 
than February 1, 2013.
For general information about the conference, please contact 
ameridendro2013@ltrr.arizona.edu.
