Subject:Re: [LUG] Linux - and security
On 02/11/12 17:49, Martijn Grooten wrote: 
> Well, you did give some of these references.
>
> CRIME and BEAST are not something that an average Internet user should
> worry about. Diginotar was really bad but didn't cause serious harm
> beyond some Iranian opposition activists. Stuxnet targeted a nuclear
> plant in Iran, not home users in the UK. Flame's target were large
> corporations and governments in the Middle East.
>
> It's all about money. If you have the US government against you,
> you're basically stuffed as they can outspend your security budget.
> Running Windows 8? No problem, they buy that zero-day from VUPEN.
> Running something else? No problem, they've got ways to find out what
> you're running and they can find (or buy) zero-days in that too. So in
> that case you shouldn't use the Internet for anything that they are
> after.
>
> If you've got a fairly large business then you also have serious
> problems, because the Chinese government, your competitors and highly
> skilled criminals are after your intellectual property, your database
> and your systems. In that case, apart from running security tools and
> software, you should make sure that important documents aren't stored
> in an Internet-connected computer, that security guidelines are
> followed, etc.
>
> And in both of these cases it is still likely that someone will find a
> hole somewhere. RSA lost 66 million dollars because of a
> spear-phishing email opened by one of its employees. The Diginotar
> hack may have caused the death of Iranian opposition members.
>
> Most people neither have a government against them, nor do they run
> big businesses. They use the computer for web browsing, sending
> emails, playing games. Probably they do online banking too.
>
> The going price for access through a computer in the UK is a few dozen
> pence. (Access is usually sold per 100 or 1000 machines.) Perhaps your
> computer belongs to a specific category that makes access to your
> machine worth several times that. It's still a small amount of money.
>
> Following good security practise means attackers are likely to find an
> easier target somewhere else. And perhaps they don't. Perhaps you made
> a mistake, perhaps there is a vulnerability somewhere that gives
> someone access to your machine. Therefore, you should make sure that
> not too much harm can be done with such access: your computer doesn't
> contain top secret files (or if they do, they are encrypted).
> Passwords are not stored on the machine itself.
>
> It's the same with people gaining unauthorized access to your
> property: it is important to follow good practise and to make sure
> people can't easily gain access. But it's equally important to be
> aware that there may be a chance that people do come in, so don't
> leave valuables lying around.
>
> I'm not saying that things like Stuxnet, or governments buying
> zero-days, shouldn't concern us. They should. But for most users they
> won't affect our day-to-day usage of computers. We shouldn't pretend
> they do.
>
> Martijn.
>

Salient points as ever, but I can't help but feel you're missing the
woods for the trees here. Disclaimer: I will fully admit that I spend my
working days at the coalface as it were - large corporations, government
institutions and other interests all with boatloads of patient records,
financial and personal information databases, commercial IP and so on to
protect. As such, I deal with this stuff constantly at a level
admittedly not faced by any home user, and that might colour my opinions
somewhat. However, it is exactly my unusual familiarity with this world
that makes me more than usually qualified to comment on security issues.
So, with that in mind:

CRIME and BEAST are not something that an average Internet user should
worry about. Diginotar was really bad but didn't cause serious harm
beyond some Iranian opposition activists. Stuxnet targeted a nuclear
plant in Iran, not home users in the UK. Flame's target were large
corporations and governments in the Middle East.

Well, if you mean that CRIME and BEAST are not something that an average
user can *do* anything about, you're right I guess. But worry? Do you
really think we shouldn't worry about the fact that the primary security
transport layer for 99% of our online activities is hopelessly flawed?
Hackers prefer to target the servers above individual users, that way
you can compromise everyone talking to them. CRIME/BEAST is a spectre
looming over all of us. The same for the DigiNotar hack - sure, just bad
luck for some Iranian dissidents right? Um, no. It's a warning: if the
hopelessly incompetent Iranian government can manage it, it would be
wise to assume that all organised western governments can and have been
doing it as well (protip: they have). It should be telling you that the
'secure' infrastructure out there we all rely on for the most trivial of
online operations is hopelessly flawed, at the most basic level. See
also DNSSEC. If you can't trust DNS, you've got nothing. The same with
Stuxnet, etc: the take-home message is the level of skill and dedication
being utilised by our own government agencies to compromise critical
infrastructure. I assure you, if they can do it to middle eastern
targets, they can do it here too. The lesson is that SCADA, as we on the
inside have always known, is riddled with hardcoded backdoors,
elementary coding flaws and well known holes. Presumably you don't
operate a nuclear centrifuge so none of this concerns you right? Wrong.
Your water supply, electricity, the traffic lights and every element of
your surrounding environment is controlled by SCADA systems, barely any
of which are secured.

The going price for access through a computer in the UK is a few dozen
pence. (Access is usually sold per 100 or 1000 machines.) Perhaps your
computer belongs to a specific category that makes access to your
machine worth several times that.

Exactly. I frequent the sort of lists and forums where these services
are advertised and very eye-opening they are too. You see, this is a
large part of the problem: I hear more than anything else from users
"I've got nothing to hide and I'm just a regular computer user, why
would anyone target me?" Everyone on this list has a computer worth more
than the standard rate: you're running linux. Compromised linux boxes
are worth a lot more than compromised windows zombies, even the regular
home user machines, let alone a 64 core server on a fat pipe in a
datacenter with a PHP shell backdoor installed. Hackers don't give a
shit if there's anything on your box or not - it's just another hop on
their anonymous proxy chain, or hosting their warez, child pr0n stash
IRC bot or DOS zombie. But don't get me wrong, whilst they're at it they
might as well use their automated SSH bruteforce+root script to SSLSTRIP
your paypal, ebay, facebook, email and bank logins. I mean, why not?

Also, let us not forget that in this modern world of BYOD and working
from home, even the most innocent and boring looking android phone,
windows 7 laptop or home linux box may well have the keys to the kingdom
on it. Once you're in and the keylogger is running, those openvpn, cisco
or terminal server session passwords are yours for the taking (or
losing). Bad news if the unfortunate victim is a senior manager, IT
staffer or finance officer. Bad news full stop, because now they'll use
your compromised home system as an ingress point to your otherwise
(hopefully) much more secured work network. Repeat after me: THERE IS NO
SUCH THING AS A ZERO VALUE TARGET! Automated attacks via compromised
web, DNS, mail and other servers are the primary attack vector and
firefox on linux is just as likely to get you busted as IE10 on your
patched windows box. Automated attacks cost virtually nothing, cast a
very wide net and don't discriminate against victims - the whole "I
don't need to outrun the bear, I just need to outrun you" approach to
security espoused by the technically literate and otherwise perfectly
reasonable crowd (such as your good self) is complete and total bullshit
I'm afraid. You don't need to be some mythical high-level target to
warrant specific personal attacks by ultra-hackers. Almost by
definition, the 0-days they are constantly rolling out are usable
against almost everyone, including me, in vast automated country wide
attacks. It failed, but see the recent linux kernel server compromise
for a hint of how us "fast runners" can still get caught by the bear.
The seminal hack we should all remember is the infamous Ken Thompson
self-compiling C hack. In computer security, there is no such thing as
"good enough"!

To be fair, pretty much all of your other advice is sensible as always.
Encrypting files is a must. Good security practice will make you a
harder target than Mum's unpatched XP laptop.

I'm not saying that things like Stuxnet, or governments buying
zero-days, shouldn't concern us. They should. But for most users they
won't affect our day-to-day usage of computers. We shouldn't pretend
they do.

Here is where we disagree fundamentally - being at the sharp end, I deal
with this stuff all day every day. And for ALL users of the internet,
pretending that they don't effect us is insanely stupid. It's
trickledown my friend: the cutting edge, targetted 0-day guru-level
hacks against state entities and the biggest businesses is what gets
adopted, customised and rolled into the everyday Zeus crimeware tools,
rotating google ad banners and compromised botnets that attack us all
tomorrow. Yesterday's government sponsored hijack of SSL certs is
today's trivial SSL Paypal attack (and oh look, right on time:
http://it.slashdot.org/story/12/11/02/1444250/paypal-security-holes-expose-customer-card-data-personal-details).


Regards

-- 
The Mailing List for the Devon & Cornwall LUG
http://mailman.dclug.org.uk/listinfo/list
FAQ: http://www.dcglug.org.uk/listfaq
