Subject:[Chelsea] sunday papers
http://b90.blogspot.co.uk/2012/10/tottenham-4-2.html


Independent:



Villas-Boas hails =91amazing=92 Chelsea

Tottenham 2 Chelsea 4

Steve Tongue



Juan Mata scored twice in two minutes to crush Andre Villas-Boas'
hopes of exacting revenge on his former employers Chelsea at White
Hart Lane.

It will soon become time to ask who can stop Chelsea. If it is to be
Manchester United, then next Sunday at Stamford Bridge is when Sir
Alex Ferguson=92s team have to prove it. The talk has been that the
European champions had not met any serious opposition, yet raiding
parties to north London have now returned with a full complement of
points from Arsenal and Tottenham.

Both have been open games, in the manner apparently demanded by
Chelsea=92s owner, and could therefore have finished differently, but
the outcome has been just each time. All credit to Tottenham
yesterday, nevertheless, for playing their part in one of the games of
the season, above all in their dramatic =96 and frankly unexpected =96
revival at the start of the second half, turning a 1-0 deficit into a
lead.

For a while the force was with them, until the admirable Juan Mata
scored twice in three minutes; a fourth goal on the break, which the
Spaniard set up for Daniel Sturridge, always looked possible.

Overall, as both managers agreed, quality told and the fact that
Tottenham were missing the injured Mousa Demb=E9l=E9 and also Gareth Bale,
who withdrew shortly before kick-off to be with his pregnant
girlfriend, proved a predictable handicap. Sandro and Tom Huddlestone
looking pale in comparison.

Jermain Defoe was better, much better, in an enthralling duel with his
England team-mate Gary Cahill, who was a worthy stand-in for John
Terry. As the shield in front of the back-four, John Obi Mikel has in
the past been what used to be called the =93boo-boy=94 but nobody was
booing yesterday. Ashley Cole had an excellent first half, then found
Aaron Lennon a handful at times; it was the winger=92s direct running
that brought Spurs back into the game towards the end of the first
half after Cahill had volleyed Chelsea in front.

=93We showed great strength of character to come back in the second
half,=94 Andre Villas-Boas said. At 2-1 the Tottenham manager, wanted to
=93calm things down=94 but the White Hart Lane crowd have never
appreciated a softly-softly approach and they were impatient whenever
the build-up was slower. Whatever regrets Villas-Boas may have had
about his time at Chelsea and not being allowed to finish what he had
started, he was generous in his praise for the attacking midfield trio
that his successor Roberto Di Matteo has been allowed to assemble,
calling them =93amazing=94 and admitting of the team as a whole, =93they=92=
re
on top of their game=94.

They were early on here, sharper and more threatening from the start
and taking the lead in the 17th minute. Eden Hazard=92s corner from the
left was headed up in the air by the home captain and former Chelsea
stalwart William Gallas, dropping nicely for Cahill to hit a screaming
volley that took an insignificant deflection off Steven Caulker on its
way into the roof of the net.

 Mata ought to have brought about a more secure half-time lead,
shooting wildly over the bar after Brad Friedel parried his initial
effort. In between times, however, Spurs had their moments, not least
because some of Petr Cech=92s handling was less reliable than usual.

 The worm=92s-eye view from the press-box at pitch level made the
football look frenetic, but could not obscure the quality which
together with the excitement made this such an enjoyable occasion.

It was already a good game before the burst of four goals in 22
minutes as the second half opened took it to another level.

 Chelsea=92s fans, outnumbered 10 to one, had been the noisier until the
stadium came alive as the away team=92s defence dozed in a manner that
must have infuriated Terry.  Huddlestone, making his one significant
contribution, swung a free-kick beyond the far post that an unmarked
Jan Vertonghen deftly hooked square for Gallas, equally unattended, to
nod in, via his hand.

Cech had to make a smart save from Vertonghen and only eight minutes
after the equaliser, Lennon=92s low cross =96 or mishit shot? =96 was swung
in by Defoe for the 200th goal of his career and one of the most
typical. Just as unpredictably Chelsea regained the initiative,
suddenly looking irresistible again as they pushed forward.

Mike Dean turned down penalty appeals from Cole and Fernando Torres,
neither of whom would agree with the neutral view that he had a fine
game. It did not matter. In the 65th minute another unconvincing
headed clearance at a corner by Gallas landed at the feet of Mata, who
drove the ball low past Friedel and after three frantic minutes in
which Defoe at one end and then Torres were denied, Mata began and
finished a lovely move by sweeping in Hazard=92s perfect pass.

If Mata had completed his hat-trick later by lifting the ball over
Friedel, it would have been overly harsh on both Spurs and their
goalkeeper, who had not been at fault for any of the goals but may now
find himself left out for Hugo Lloris. He was left utterly exposed for
the final goal, inevitably made by Mata, who robbed Kyle Walker by the
touchline and rolled a cross for the substitute Sturridge to tap in.

It was Chelsea=92s first success since 2005 on a ground where they once
seemed invincible and it sent a powerful message, even if their
manager wishes to obscure the true significance for now. =93There are 30
games still to play,=94 he said. =93I think you have to wait until the
Christmas period.=94


Tottenham (4-2-3-1): Friedel; Walker, Gallas, Caulker, Vertonghen;
Huddlestone (Livermore, 67), Sandro; Lennon, Sigurdsson, Dempsey
(Adebayor, 74); Defoe.

Chelsea (4-2-3-1): Cech; Ivanovic, Cahill, Luiz, Cole; Ramires,
Lampard; Mata, Oscar (Sturridge, 83), Hazard (Lampard, 90); Torres


Referee: Mike Dean

Man of the match: Mata (Chelsea)

Match rating: 9/10




=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D



Observer:


Chelsea's Juan Mata stars in topsy-turvy win at Tottenham Hotspur


Tottenham Hotspur 2 Chelsea 4


Daniel Taylor at White Hart Lane


Andr=E9 Villas-Boas can testify firsthand now about the improvement in
this Chelsea team since he was ushered from the club. There is a steel
about Roberto Di Matteo's side that was not always evident during his
predecessor's reign and it meant an ordeal for the well-dressed man
shaking his head and rubbing his hands through his hair in the home
dugout. "Andr=E9, Andr=E9, what's the score?" the Chelsea fans sang, and
the man in question looked at his shoes and pretended not to hear.

His team had led 2-1 but there was only a 10-minute spell at the start
of the second half when Tottenham Hotspur could be said to be the
better team, scoring twice and threatening to condemn the Premier
League leaders to their first defeat of a season.

That apart, Chelsea played with confidence and the kind of durability
that should serve them well in the title race. Juan Mata was
prominently involved, scoring the two goals that turned a 2-1 deficit
into a 3-2 lead, then setting up the substitute Daniel Sturridge to
complete the comeback in stoppage time.

In defence, it is unlikely they would have been so vulnerable had John
Terry not been starting his four-match ban. Yet their elusive, nimble
attacking players provided a formidable test for Tottenham that, for
the most part, the home team found beyond them. "Creativity and
individual brilliance," Villas-Boas said of his former team. "Oscar,
Mata, Eden Hazard =85 brilliant." Mata was one of the players he had
brought to Stamford Bridge. As Di Matteo said: "I've thanked him for
that."


The away side had been so comfortable after taking the lead through
Gary Cahill's 18th-minute volley it was a jolt, to say the least, when
William Gallas's glancing header two minutes after the break, possibly
helped by his fingertips, was quickly followed by Jermain Defoe
pouncing on Aaron Lennon's misdirected shot to score the 200th goal of
his career.

At that point Tottenham, unbeaten in a London derby at home since
2007, might have dared imagine a sixth successive win, but they would
have been kidding themselves to think they deserved the lead. Chelsea
never panicked or started to feel sorry for themselves. Instead they
just set about re-establishing their superiority, producing some
thrilling football in the process and taking advantage of the fact
that their opponents were missing some of their more accomplished
players.

Villas-Boas could certainly cite mitigating circumstances given that
Mousa Demb=E9l=E9, so impressive since arriving from Fulham, had joined
Scott Parker on the injury list. Perhaps that would not mattered so
much but for Gareth Bale having to speed away from White Hart Lane
before kick-off because his partner had gone into labour. Deprived of
Demb=E9l=E9 and Bale, it was not altogether surprising the home side came
up so short at times.

The second comeback of the match began in the 66th minute, Mata firing
in a low, left-foot drive after Gallas's poor clearance from Oscar's
cross. The Spaniard's second came three minutes later, turning Eden
Hazard's pass beyond Brad Friedel at the end of a slick exchange that
epitomised the difference between the two sides. By the time Mata
dispossessed Kyle Walker and slipped in Sturridge to ensure a
miserable day for Friedel on his return to the team, the visiting team
might easily have lost count of the number of chances they had
accumulated.


The only downside from a Chelsea perspective was the carelessness at
the start of the second half. The defending was particularly generous
as Jan Vertonghen hooked Tom Huddlestone's free-kick across the
six-yard box for Gallas to score. Villas-Boas could also reflect on
several presentable opportunities to salvage something when the game
was 3-2. For the most part, however, Cahill demonstrated why the
absence of Terry need not be too significant.

Gallas, in stark contrast, had a difficult afternoon, at fault to
varying degrees for the first three Chelsea goals. Villas-Boas tried
to protect his player =96 "I don't agree," he said. "I wouldn't blame
anyone individually" =96 but there were some straightforward errors. The
Frenchman has been a great defender but in the worst moments here he
looked like a champion boxer after one fight too many. Cahill's goal
was another reminder of his uncommon ability to strike the ball on the
volley =96 Di Matteo talked about the central defender routinely joining
the club's front players in extra shooting practice =96 but it
originated from Gallas's weak header out from Hazard's corner. Gallas
had to wave an apologetic hand after Mata's first effort and, together
with Walker, did not react quickly enough during the build-up to the
third Chelsea goal. As for the fourth, Walker will wince when he sees
the replays of how he lost the ball to Mata on the touchline. Mata
squared and Sturridge tapped into an exposed net.


It had been a stodgy Tottenham performance. Huddlestone's passing has
regressed badly and his partnership with Sandro lacked mobility,
inferior by some distance to Chelsea's two holding midfielders,
Ramires and Mikel John Obi. Perhaps more worryingly for Villas-Boas,
Clint Dempsey and Gylfi Sigurdsson are taking their time adapting.
Early days, but Chelsea look like title contenders, just as
Villas-Boas had planned but with a different manager in place.





=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D



Telegraph:


Tottenham Hotspur 2 Chelsea

Jason Burt, White Hart Lane



So much talk had been of the individual in the run-up to this
encounter =96 that individual being Tottenham=92s head coach Andre
Villas-Boas =96 that it was probably appropriate that there was another
sole factor that proved decisive: individual brilliance.

There were also individual failings, and another former Chelsea
employee, William Gallas, will want to quickly forget his
contribution. He may have scored his first goal in Spurs colours but
the central defender =96 and captain =96 was at fault numerous times.

There was another individual mistake at the end, with Kyle Walker
woefully surrendering possession allowing Chelsea to score a fourth
goal but by then, as Villas-Boas said, the game was up.

=93We lost the opportunity to bring them down,=94 Villas-Boas admitted.
His analysis centred on that mercurial triumvirate of Juan Mata, Oscar
and Eden Hazard playing behind a lone striker, in this instance
Fernando Torres.

=93Amazing,=94 was Villas-Boas=92s verdict and Mata, who scored two and
should have claimed a hat-trick, was especially deserving of praise,
with Gary Cahill =96 another of Chelsea=92s goalscorers =96 hailing the
Spaniard as a =93magician=94.

He certainly bewitched Gallas and Co in what was a mesmerising encounter.

The hosts were hampered by losing Moussa Demb=E9l=E9 to a late hip injury
and the absence of Gareth Bale to attend the birth of his child.
Without their two most decisive and dynamic players, Spurs=92 task grew
all the greater.

Jermain Defoe and Aaron Lennon picked up the baton and the way in
which the hosts flew out of the blocks in the second-half, turning a
deficit into an advantage, was gripping. But this Chelsea side are
developing into something special, with Villas-Boas suggesting their
early form is similar to that shown by Manchester City last season.

There will be encouragement for Chelsea=92s rivals in their continuing
vulnerability. They were without John Terry, who was serving the first
match of his four-game ban for racially abusing Anton Ferdinand, and
his galvanising qualities were missed.

Ashley Cole, who has had his own troubles, was superb at times as
Chelsea claimed a victory that showed that they are real title
contenders. This was their first win at White Hart Lane since 2005 and
brought to an end Spurs=92 record of not having been defeated in 20
London derbies.

All of that will hurt Villas-Boas, but he was scrupulous in not making
it personal. Spurs have their own goals this season, he said, and if
losing this match yet reaching those targets is what he achieves, then
he will be satisfied.

His successor at Stamford Bridge, Roberto Di Matteo, talked of Chelsea
passing a =93big test of character=94 after another difficult week,
although he added: =93This [the Terry racism saga] has been going on for
a long time and we have managed to get the players to focus. They were
not distracted.=94

They certainly were not. When the ball is played up to Mata, Oscar and
Hazard, all hell can break loose. Such is their trickery, fluidity,
comfort in possession and sharpness of thought, that Chelsea will
always have an opportunity to damage their opponents. Torres played
well too, but it=92s undeniable that with a more lethal striker, this
Chelsea forward line would be pretty much unstoppable.

Unstoppable is the only way to describe Cahill=92s goal. Gallas erred =96
weakly heading a corner back across the box and the ball plopped down
to Cahill, who struck the sweetest and fiercest of volleys past
unsighted goalkeeper Brad Friedel.

Gradually Spurs eked out chances, with Petr Cech spilling a Defoe
drive and Gylfi Sigurdsson screwing a shot wide on the turn. Mata
should have added a second though when his first-time effort was saved
by Friedel only for him to sky the follow-up.

Villas-Boas clearly had words at half-time, and his side were
transformed. First Jan Vertonghen retrieved a free-kick and Gallas =96
who had earlier scuffed a volley when unmarked on goal =96 turned it
over the line. Then Lennon ran at the defence, his mis-hit shot fell
to Defoe who fired the ball home.

But as Villas-Boas implored his players to calm things down, Chelsea
stepped on the gas. After Gallas was fortunate not to concede a
penalty, the defender half-cleared a cross straight to Mata, who shot
into the corner of the goal. There was then a wonderful, incisive pass
from Hazard to pick out Mata=92s run =96 which was unchecked =96 and he
steered the ball around Friedel for a sixth goal in five games.

Spurs attempted to come back and a low shot from Walker, from fully 35
yards, was just about turned around the post by Cech. In injury-time,
substitute Daniel Sturridge ended any doubt as he tapped in from
Mata=92s low cross after Walker made the final individual mistake.

A sad post-script to the match was that Walker felt forced to delete
his Twitter account last night because of abuse from disgruntled
supporters reacting to his indifferent form this season

Walker tweeted: =93If I said what I thought to these people I would get
done. Humans make mistakes.=94




=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D




Mail:


Tottenham 2 Chelsea 4: Pain for AVB as Mata the magician puts Spurs
under his spell

By Rob Draper


As Andre Villas-Boas surveyed the scene, the thought must have
occurred to him that the scenario was near-perfect: a
slickly-entertaining Chelsea team was playing high tempo, yet
intricate, football and winning a thrilling game without Didier
Drogba, Frank Lampard or John Terry.

In other words, precisely the mission Roman Abramovich had charged him
with a little over a year ago.

The only downside, of course, is that Villas-Boas is now manager of
Tottenham. And well though they contributed to an excellent London
derby, they were not a match for this new Chelsea side.

The fact Juan Mata, signed under Villas-Boas, sparkled as he danced
his way through Tottenham challenges, can only have added to the
ruefulness of the Spurs manager. =91I thanked him for that,=92 said his
former assistant, Roberto Di Matteo, with a rare smile.

And difficult though it is to argue with Abramovich=92s decision to
dispense with  Villas-Boas, given that the Champions League was
subsequently won, it is hard to escape the conclusion that had he been
asked to work with this team, his task would have been an awful lot
easier.

=91The players they have are on a level of form and so  connected with
each other, so creative, you can only compliment teams that play like
this,=92 said Villas-Boas. =91You have to agree both teams played a good
game but you have to accent the trio up front behind the striker were
amazing.

=91I think the game was won on individual brilliance from Oscar, Mata
and Eden Hazard, who were tremendous today. These are people who can
unlock doors and create problems and manage to find gaps and find
people because they are extremely creative.

=91This kind of form is what we saw last year with Manchester City.=92 As
for his new club, they are a different proposition without Gareth Bale
and Mousa Dembele.

While Aaron Lennon, Jermain Defoe and Jan Vertonghen all contributed
performances which at times exposed the vulnerabilities of Chelsea,
ultimately, Spurs cannot do without their two most creative  players.

A clutch of players shone for Chelsea =97 Villas-Boas might have added
Ramires to the list =97 but Mata was the star. He scored two, made
another and missed a sitter; all this from a player who cannot make
the Spain squad.

Chelsea=92s early superiority translated into a goal on 17 minutes with
a superb volley from Gary Cahill that belied his status as a centre
half, though William Gallas=92 clearing header that looped into his path
was poor.

Tottenham lurched out of their complacency and Defoe responded with a
shot that Petr Cech parried, while Ashley Cole had to hook away before
Clint Dempsey struck.  Lennon delivered a troublesome cross which
Cahill  managed to clear but only to Gylfi Sigurdsson, who fired wide.

Chelsea had the best chance to score the second goal of the game when
Ramires broke from midfield and fed Mata, whose strike was smartly
saved by Brad Friedel. The rebound fell to Mata eights yards out but
he scooped his shot over.

The period prior to and immediately after half-time saw Tottenham in full f=
low.

First came the chances from Dempsey, desperately blocked by John Obi
Mikel, and Defoe, cleared off the line by Cole.

Then came the equaliser after the break, with Tottenham level within
90 seconds when Tom Huddlestone=92s free-kick was headed back across
goal by Vertonghen for Gallas to head in almost on the goal-line.

By the time Tottenham went ahead on 55 minutes =97 Defoe meeting
Lennon=92s through-ball with an excellent finish =97White Hart Lane was in
full voice and Chelsea were on the back foot.

But momentum was transformed again by that man Mata with two goals in
three minutes. First, Oscar crossed and Gallas again cleared weakly,
allowing Mata to strike into the bottom right-hand co

Then came the move of the match, Oscar, Mata and Mikel combining to
bamboozle Tottenham before Hazard provided such a perfect, threaded
ball through for Mata, that it would have been a travesty not to
score. Mata was equal to the task, finishing calmly.

Though Lennon and Kyle Walker tested Cech with long-range strikes,
Chelsea grabbed their fourth when Walker dallied, allowing Mata to
steal the ball and square along the goal-line for substitute Daniel
Sturridge to tap in.

=91Andre, Andre, what=92s the score?=92 chanted the Chelsea fans, gleefully.



=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D



Mirror:

Tottenham Hotspur 2-4 Chelsea: Juan Mata double inspires Chelsea and
ruins AVB's day

Matt Law


William Gallas and Jermain Defoe put Tottenham ahead after Gary
Cahill's fine volley, but the Spaniard struck twice to continue
Chelsea's fine form


Who needs John Terry? Certainly not Chelsea if this latest victory is
anything to go by.

As Terry served the first of his four-game ban, it may just have
dawned on him that he is no longer indispensable.

Gary Cahill, his replacement, scored a wonderful volley, the team
rallied themselves without Terry after falling behind and stand-in
captain Petr Cech produced a string of great saves. The message was
loud and clear. Chelsea are in the Premier League title race to stay =96
with or without their captain, leader, legend.

This is a new Chelsea. One full of youth, vitality, =ADcreativity and
goals =96 epitomised by the brilliant display of Juan Mata against
Spurs. It is no longer a team that relies so heavily on the old names.

And, just as Chelsea can cope without Terry, Spurs may do well to look
past one of their veterans.

William Gallas might have scored against his former club, but the
=ADdefender was also at fault for three of Chelsea=92s goals. Michael
Dawson was once again on the bench, but manager Andre Villas-Boas may
need to =ADreview that decision.

Thanks to Gallas, Villas-Boas suffered an unhappy reunion with the
club that sacked him. It must have hurt when the Chelsea fans sang
=91Andre, what=92s the score=92 after substitute Daniel Sturridge tapped in
the visitors=92 fourth goal.

What transpired to be a =ADwonderful game was sparked into life when a
poor header from Gallas was volleyed past Brad Friedel by Cahill.

Without Gareth Bale, whose girlfriend was in labour, =ADTottenham
laboured through parts of the first period.

Villas-Boas was not famed for his motivational skills =ADduring his
unhappy time at Chelsea, but whatever he said at half-time did the
trick. Spurs flew out of the blocks.

 Just two minutes after the break, Tom Huddlestone swung over a cross
that Jan Vertonghen turned back into the six-yard box and Gallas
nodded the ball in.

When Jermain Defoe then turned in a scuffed cross from Aaron Lennon
seven minutes later, it appeared revenge may be on the cards for
Villas-Boas.

This was the moment when Chelsea teams of old would have looked to
Terry for some chest-pumping words of encouragement, but this group
can count on their invention.

As Spurs assistant Steffen Freund offered up a lesson on how to jump
up and down on the touchline without actually doing much of any value,
Chelsea struck back.

Gallas once again produced a weak clearance from Oscar=92s hopeful cross
and Mata =ADproduced a wonderful finish.

Fernando Torres hesitated to let a good chance pass, but Mata then
made and scored a wonderful goal.

The Spaniard laid the ball off to John Mikel Obi, Mikel passed to Eden
Hazard and he picked out Mata who slotted the ball into the net. It
was not a huge surprise that Gallas had been caught flat-footed.

Spurs threw on Emmanuel Adebayor and piled forwards in search of an
equaliser, but Cech spread himself =ADbrilliantly to keep out Defoe and
then Kyle Walker.

It was Walker=92s eagerness to get forward that allowed Chelsea to seal
the three points.

Mata got free and simply rolled the ball across the goal for Sturridge
to tap in.

Nobody had missed Terry =96 least of all Chelsea.




=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D



Sun:




Tottenham 2 Chelsea 4

By ROB BEASLEY



JUAN MATA bit the hand that signed him with a brilliant double at
White Hart Lane.

Throw in his assist for Chelsea=92s fourth and the super Spaniard really
rubbed it in the face of ex-boss Andre Villas-Boas.

It was AVB who paid =A326million to take Mata to Stamford Bridge from
Valencia last August =97 and this was his thank you.

He produced a magical, man-of-the-match performance to sink Spurs =97
the only criticism being he should have had a hat-trick.

Chelsea went 1-0 ahead with a stunning 17th-minute volley from
centre-half Gary Cahill which arched over keeper Brad Friedel.

Then came the chance to put the Blues even more in control of a
one-sided first half.

Mata let fly but Friedel managed to parry the effort, although in
doing so only teed up the attacker for a second attempt.

However, for once, Mata got it all wrong, blazing over with the
American keeper floundering.

It looked a costly miss when Spurs came storming back early in the second h=
alf.

There was a hint of handball as ex-Chelsea defender William Gallas
hauled Spurs level two minutes after the restart, converting a Tom
Huddlestone free-kick.

But there was nothing debatable about the second as seven minutes
later the lively Jermain Defoe surged in front of Cahill to sweep
Tottenham ahead.

It was Defoe=92s 200th career goal and a good one, too, capping another
quality display from the England ace. Suddenly Chelsea were reeling.
They came to North London having not conceded a second-half Premier
League goal this season.

Now here they were shipping two in double-quick time as the game swung
alarmingly away from them.

The Lane was really rocking in stark contrast to the library
atmosphere of the first 45 minutes.

Although the Blues were shaken they quickly stirred and it was Mata
who orchestrated the fightback.

First, with 66 minutes gone, he pounced to coolly steer home an
equaliser after Gallas had only half-cleared Oscar=92s cross.

Three minutes later he was wheeling away to celebrate another goal as
Chelsea stormed back into the lead. And what a goal it was, too. If
Cahill=92s opener was a strike of the highest individual quality, this
was a team goal.

Mata not only started it but fittingly applied the final glorious
finishing touch.

He began it with a short pass out to Oscar on the left, the Brazilian
gave it him back and Mata quickly moved it on inside to John Obi
Mikel.

Next it was at the feet of the alert Eden Hazard who spotted the
Spaniard=92s surge into the box and picked him out perfectly =97 and Mata
stroked home for 3-2.

It was a sucker-punch that would have flattened most teams, but not Spurs.

Back they came again.

Skipper for the day Petr Cech saved from Aaron Lennon, Defoe and Kyle
Walker as the home side threw caution to the wind.

That was always a calculated risk against a side as free-flowing and
free- scoring as Chelsea.

Mata tried to capitalise, freeing Fernando Torres into the box with
five minutes left.

The =A350m man should have killed off any hope of a Spurs comeback but
steered his low effort just wide.

Mata was not finished, though, and would have enjoyed his role in
Chelsea=92s fourth. He had been having a running battle with Walker
throughout the match.

And after chasing him down near the touchline the Spurs right-back
capitulated comically.

Mata took the loose ball, glided casually into the box then
nonchalantly rolled it into the path of the on-rushing Daniel
Sturridge who side-footed home.

So Chelsea remain top of the pile after back-to-back away wins in North Lon=
don.

They clearly like it in these parts =97 and where is this season=92s
Champions League final being played?


Tottenham: Friedel, Walker, Gallas, Caulker, Vertonghen, Huddlestone
(Livermore 67), Sandro, Lennon, Sigurdsson, Dempsey (Adebayor 74),
Defoe. Subs not used: Lloris, Naughton, Dawson, Falque, Townsend.
Booked: Huddlestone,Gallas, Walker.

Goals: Gallas 47, Defoe 54.


Chelsea: Cech, Ivanovic, Luiz, Cahill, Cole, Ramires, Mikel, Oscar
(Sturridge 83), Hazard (Lampard 90), Mata, Torres. Subs not used:
Turnbull, Romeu, Moses, Azpilicueta, Bertrand. Booked: Ivanovic,
Ramires.

Goals: Cahill 17, Mata 66, 69, Sturridge 90.


Att: 36,060

Ref: Mike Dean (Wirral).




=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D



Express:


TOTTENHAM 2 - CHELSEA 4: CHELSEA=92S NEW SPECIAL JUAN MATA

By Jim Holden



MORE than a few Chelsea players made a point of seeking out Andre
Villas-Boas to give their old boss a warm and conspicuous embrace
before and after the final whistle yesterday =96 but their generosity
extended only that far.

During the game, the new slick Chelsea team being fashioned by Roberto
Di Matteo were razor-sharp in their destruction of Spurs.

It was a first home defeat for AVB as Tottenham manager, and although
it was no disgrace against such vibrant and accomplished opponents, it
was a reminder of the work to be done at White Hart Lane.

Would it have been closer had Tottenham=92s talisman Gareth Bale not
been absent because his partner had gone into labour yesterday
morning? Probably.

But there is an appreciable gulf in class between the football Chelsea
are playing right now and the rest of the Premier League. Juan Mata,
in particular, is having a purple patch of elegant majesty, while the
team as a whole are showing impressive resolve =96 not only in ignoring
the distractions of the John Terry affair, but in fighting back so
strongly from 2-1 down early in the second half.

Di Matteo said: =93We had a test of character and it was good to win. We
are very pleased with the way we are playing but it=92s too early to
talk about being title contenders. Wait until Christmas for that.=94

Chelsea dominated from the start, with control from their attacking
trio of midfield miniature musketeers. Oscar, Eden Hazard and Mata
weaved magic everywhere, and it was a severe examination of the
credentials of young English defenders Kyle Walker and Steven Caulker.

The opening goal came from a more traditional route =96 a corner curled
to the far post by Hazard.Tottenham=92s experienced central defender
William Gallas could only direct a clearing header to the edge of the
penalty box and Gary Cahill had space to thunder home a thrilling
volley in the 17th minute.

Much of the pre-match talk had concerned the absence of Terry,
starting a four-game suspension. But who needs him with defenders of
the calibre of Cahill and David Luiz?

It was a wonderful goal, and at the other end Luiz did sturdy work
with a fine saving tackle on the marauding Aaron Lennon.

Chelsea should have scored again before half-time. Another quicksilver
move of the type becoming their trademark ended with a drive by Mata
that Brad Friedel saved superbly. The rebound fell to Mata but he
sliced over the bar.

Spurs were depleted by the absence of Bale and Moussa Dembele, who has
a hip injury. Yet they briefly took command in a surging start to the
second half.

There was an instant equaliser when a free-kick to the far post was
clipped back by Jan Vertonghen for Gallas to head home.

By the 54th minute Spurs were ahead as Lennon=92s awkward shot reached
Jermain Defoe in the box and he clipped a more decisive drive into the
net. Villas-Boas leapt like a jack-in-the-box in celebration on the
touchline. It was premature.

This was a test for the new slick Chelsea, and they passed it in the
most stylish fashion. Villas-Boas was impressed, saying: =93Creativity
and brilliance won this game. The trio behind the striker were
amazing. You can only compliment a team playing like Chelsea.=94

The equaliser came midway through the second half from turnover ball.
Oscar crossed from the right, Gallas again fluffed the clearance and
Mata steered home a precise shot from 18 yards. Three minutes later
Mata scored again, with the composure to chip the onrushing Friedel
after a delicious pass from Hazard. Mata=92s skill has never been
doubted. There is also a fire in his belly this season, as a series of
niggles with Spurs defenders illustrated.

Tottenham tried to fight back in what had become a captivating match.
They have character too. Lennon=92s shot stung the hands of Petr Cech,
and the Chelsea keeper only just managed to scoop a long-range shot
from Walker round the post.

There was no denying the superiority of Chelsea=92s inventive team. They
completed the job in stoppage time. Mata, of course, was the catalyst,
winning a fight with Walker for the ball out on the left and then
delivering a low cross that gave substitute Daniel Sturridge a tap-in.
=93Andre, Andre, what=92s the score?=94 taunted the visiting fans. Perhaps
they had forgotten it was Villas-Boas who signed Mata.

=93Yes, I have thanked him for that,=94 said Di Matteo. Both men knew how
much that meant to the result.




=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D




Star:


TOTTENHAM HOTSPUR 2 - CHELSEA 4: BLUES ACE JUAN MATA RUNS THE SHOW

Spaniard Mata struck twice and created two more to gloss a five-star
performance and ensure Roberto Di Matteo continued his unbeaten start
to the season


By Tony Stenson


JUAN MATA made it a happy day for RDM when Chelsea got the better over
AVB in a game that had plenty of GBH.

What=92s more Chelsea did not miss skipper JT.

Spaniard Mata struck twice and created two more to gloss a five-star
performance and ensure Roberto Di Matteo continued his unbeaten start
to the season.

The Blues stay top at the expense of inflicting defeat on former boss
Andre Villas-Boas.

Five players were booked in a spiky derby that kept both sets of fans
on the edge of their seats.

Chelsea had to dig deep to secure victory. After dominating the first
half and taking the lead, they were clearly rattled as Spurs came out
for the second half with a new focus and aggression.

Skipper William Gallas scored his first goal for his current club
against his former one and Jermain Defoe added a second nine minutes
later to turn the game on its head.

Mata then took over with two goals inside four minutes to spur Chelsea
to victory.

Then in added time he set up sub Daniel Sturridge for a fourth,
sparking a taunt from Blues fans of =91Andre, Andre what=92s the score?=92

Villas-Boas made several of his customary touch-line dances, while Di
Matteo remained calm, enhancing his reputation and showing why he
easily adapted when given the job of taking over from Villas-Boas 18
league games ago, having lost only three.

Spurs were forced to make changes when ace winger Gareth Bale pulled
out just hours before the game, with his girlfriend due to give birth.

It was frantic, passionate but lacking the quality pass until Mata
began to take control. And rewards were reaped when Chelsea took the
lead after 18 minutes =96 Gallas tried to head out Eden Hazard=92s cross
but the ball dropped for Gary Cahill to return with venom.

Spurs finally began to put passes together with menace. However, Mata
was still orchestrating Chelsea and tested Freidel in the 39th minute.

Spurs equalised within 65 seconds of the restart. Tom Huddlestone
swung over a free-kick that Jan Vertonghen hacked back across goal and
Gallas dipped to nod in.

Sigurdsson then seemed to wage a one-man war, forcing Chelsea=92s
defence to flounder =96 rescued by the odd deflection and Petr Cech=92s
hands.

Chelsea were rattled and Tottenham added a second in the 54th minute
when Jermain Defoe turned in Aaron=92s Lennon=92s pass.

Mata worked Chelsea back in the game in the 66th minute. And he was
there again to score four minutes later

One final pass to Sturridge in added time and his job was done.




=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D

_______________________________________________
Chelsea mailing list
Chelsea@jesternix.net
http://jesternix.net/mailman/listinfo/chelsea_jesternix.net
