Subject:[Chelsea] TOCFCWS match report Media clips Opta stats- PL - Swansea
	[A] 031112
Swansea City v CFC highlights [Video 5m 51s]
http://video.meta.ua/5211888.video

SWANSEA CITY 1 CHELSEA 1
Hernandez 87   Moses 60

Referee Kevin Friend
Crowd 20,527

Chelsea (4-2-3-1): Cech (c); Azpilicueta, Ivanovic, Cahill, Cole; Mikel,
Romeu (Ramires h-t); Moses (Sturridge 72), Oscar (Bertrand 79), Hazard;
Torres
Unused subs Turnbull, Ferreira, Marin, Piazon
Booked Azpilicueta 39

Swansea (4-2-1-3): Tremmel; Rangel, Monk (c), Williams, Davies; Britton
(Graham 64), Ki Sung-Yueng; De Guzman; Pablo Hern=E1ndez, Michu (Shechter
79), Routledge (Dyer 64)
Unused subs Cornell, Tate, Tiendalli, Agustien
Booked Britton 37, De Guzman 82, Ki Sung-Yueng 90+1, Shechter 90+4


Swansea draw ends tough week for Chelsea - Roberto Di Matteo [Video 2m
7s]
http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/20194126
Chelsea manager Roberto Di Matteo admitted his team have had a tough
week mentally and physically after their 1-1 draw at Swansea. The Blues
missed the chance to return to the top of the Premier League by
conceding a late Pablo Hernandez goal. Although they have played
Manchester United twice and accused referee Mark Clattenburg of using
offensive racial language, Di Matteo says it is no excuse for Saturday's
result.

Swansea deserved Chelsea draw says boss Michael Laudrup [Video 2m 48s]
http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/20194121
Manager Michael Laudrup praises Swansea's "great" recent performances
against top opposition after their 1-1 draw with Chelsea. A Victor Moses
header gave Chelsea the lead before a late equaliser by Pablo Hernandez
earned a point for the Swans to keep them 11th in the Premier League.

Sky Videos
http://www1.skysports.com/football/live/match/261657/video
Di Matteo - We were so close [Video 1m 54s]
Chelsea manager Roberto Di Matteo was disappointed to have conceded a
late equaliser against Swansea
Laudrup - Great week for us [Video 2m 18s]
Swansea manager Michael Laudrup was delighted with the way his side
capped off a difficult week with a 1-1 draw with Chelsea



Posted on: Sat 03 Nov 2012

Summary
Victor Moses with a second-half header gave the Blues the lead but a
late Swansea equaliser means we slip from the top of the table on a
wintry afternoon in Wales.

The crisp, attacking football of much of this season was infrequently
seen as the effects of recent games may have taken their toll and both
keepers had an easy job in a near chanceless first half.

Chelsea were better after the break and although Swansea were bright at
times, once the lead had been established with a set-piece goal and Petr
Cech had made a couple of saves, the three points looked London-bound,
but Spaniard Pablo Hernandez finished a good move and we failed to win a
league game in which we had opened the scoring for the first time this
season.

Team news
With Juan Mata and David Luiz ruled out due to injuries sustained on
Wednesday, Victor Moses and Cesar Azpilicueta retained their places and
made their first Chelsea league starts.

Oriol Romeu also kept his place in midfield with Ashley Cole and
Fernando Torres returning. Branislav Ivanovic moved across to central
defence.

Swansea replaced injured goalkeeper Michael Vorm with Gerhard Tremmel.
Central defender Chico Flores had not recovered from a dead leg so was
replaced by Garry Monk.

First half
With Manchester United beating Arsenal in the lunchtime kick-off,
Chelsea need to return to winning ways in the league in order to
maintain our place at the top of the table. For much of the opening 45
minutes the signs didn't look too promising. There was never going to be
the frequency of goals in this one as in the previous two matches.

Swansea full-back Angel Rangel made an early run outside of Cole and
took a smart reverse pass from Pablo Hernandez in his stride but with
opportunity to pick out Michu in a very dangerous position, the Spaniard
couldn't deliver and the leg of Ivanovic stretched out to cut it out.

Oscar scuffed a Chelsea free-kick into the wall but a genuine Chelsea
chance was a while in coming. On 11 minutes, Moses dropped a shoulder
and won a corner that Torres was able to meet with a flick at the near
post but Ivanovic just couldn't quite reach it sliding in at the far
post, and the ball was cleared off the line by Leon Britton who had been
stationed there.

At the other end, Michu couldn't make the most of a difficult volley
chance when a cross found him between Ivanovic and Azpilicueta.

Swansea were linking their passes better in the Chelsea half than we
were in theirs. A long ball towards Torres fell back to Hazard just
outside the area who took a touch but fired over.

Midway through the half Moses was unfortunate to slip on turf that had
taken a pre-match soaking by the rain just as Oscar and Hazard had
passes through the centre of the Swansea side.

Three minutes later, the lively Moses was played into space inside the
area by Torres and clipped a cross back that was knocked out in the
direction of Torres. His header back lacked the necessary power to
trouble the Swans' second-choice keeper.

Chelsea had enjoyed our best five-minute spell but then the home side
pegged us back again and Mikel was sharp to block a shot by Ki
Sung-Yueng. Swansea corners were survived before Chelsea improved
towards the break.

Hazard was looking our player most likely to spark something good and on
36 minutes a trip on him by Britton earned the Swansea midfielder the
game's first booking, to the discontent of the home fans who felt Mikel
should have seen a card a few minutes earlier.

The card count was evened up on 38 minutes when Azpilicueta fouled
Davies inside the Swansea half.

Just before the interval there was a rare chance in this game for
Chelsea to counter-attack into space. Hazard played a pass out to Torres
but the striker was dispossessed inside the area.

Second half
Ramires was a direct replacement for Romeu at the start of the second
period, the Brazilian hopefully able to bring some forward momentum to
Chelsea's play.

The first thrust came without his involvement though as Swansea lost the
ball on halfway which led to a Hazard run and shot, gathered lowdown at
his post by Tremmel. Then Torres chipped a cross over towards the back
post but Moses couldn't keep his header down. That was the best Chelsea
chance so far.

On 52 minutes it was Swansea's turn to break but diligent defending by
Cahill with a vital tackle on Michu and then by Cole, kept Chelsea on
level terms.

Swansea, as at similar stage in the first-half, were looking sharper in
attack and Cech needed to dive at the feet of Michu as the home side
passed through our defence.

Just before the hour, Britton fouled Oscar unnecessarily and with a
well-struck free-kick, Hazard drew a diving save from Tremmel. From the
corner that followed, Chelsea found the net.

Gary Cahill, such a threat at corners ever since he joined the club,
towered above the white shirts to head Oscar's delivery goalwards and
Moses reacted quickly to nod it into the net, celebrating his second
Chelsea goal with a slide in front of the Blues following behind the
goal.

Swansea responded strongly however. Cech saved a first-time strike by De
Guzman and soon after had to back-peddle and punch over a deceiving chip
by substitution Nathan Dyer.

Between those attempts, Roberto Di Matteo made his first substitution
with 72 minutes played, Sturridge coming on for goalscorer Moses and
playing wide on the right.

The main attempts on goal since Chelsea went ahead continued to come
from Swansea and Ivanovic was in the right place at the right time to
block from Hernandez as some filthy, wintery hail fell hard.

Ryan Bertrand replaced Oscar for the final 10 minutes, the young
Brazilian beginning to look drained by the games of the past week.

Still Chelsea couldn't prevent the home side taking the game to us and
the equaliser came with 87 minutes on the clock. It was a good move down
our right, with the ball played in by Hernandez to substitute striker
Shechter who turned to lay it back to Hernandez. From 18 yards out, he
drilled the ball low into the bottom corner.

The closing minutes were more about preserving the point than restoring
the lead with Cahill intervening to keep the ball out of the net near
the end.


FINAL WHISTLE VERDICT: LATE LAMENT
Posted on: Sat 03 Nov 2012

Having seen what looked like a return to winning ways in the league
denied by a late Swansea equaliser, Roberto Di Matteo backed his side to
show their resolve in the weeks ahead.

Victor Moses, who retained his place after an impressive cup showing
midweek, headed in off the post to give Chelsea a second-half lead, only
for Pablo Hernandez to equalise inside the final five minutes.

Di Matteo admitted his team didn't perform in the attacking sense as
well as in recent weeks.

'I thought we had a little more of the game and more clear chances than
Swansea,' he said after the game, 'and when the opposition equalise late
on you always feel it is a bit unlucky, but Swansea scored a quality
goal.

'We lacked a little creativity. It is hard to win away in the Premier
League and this is only the second game we have drawn, the others we
have won. It was just disappointing that we didn't hold on to our lead,
sometimes when you are not brilliant you can hang on to a result like
that.

'At the back we didn't conceded too much up against their strikers but
the one time we did give them space we were punished.

'The officials were very good,' he added. '[Referee] Kevin Friend did
very well in the game to keep both teams calm and let the game flow.'

On no Juan Mata
'He is an influential player for us, especially in the form he is in,
but Eden Hazard was fantastic for us today and Oscar did well also. The
players who played gave everything. Hazard has showed all the time this
season that he has good technical ability but he also works very hard
for the team. He is a team player.'

On the Chelsea goalscorer
'Victor Moses is a winger and he is doing well. He is very young and
there is more to come from him.'

On possible tiredness creeping in
'We certainly felt this week with the two Man United games and extra
time. It is certainly something we look at, and the players in their
national squads don't have any rest during the international breaks. We
have to try to utilise our squad and make sure we are fresh.'

On losing the lead in the league table
'It is a long season and it is going to be very tight. There are going
to be a few teams fighting for the top but we are in touch and we are
going to show how strong we are in the future.'

Swansea manager Michael Laudrup had no argument with the outcome.

'Chelsea had a few goal chances, we had a couple and some half chances
but there were not that many chances,' said the Dane. 'A point  was a
fair result.'

'Their goal was a bit lucky but we came back, got some fresh players on
and really put them under pressure. It's nice to see that we can play
like that against the big teams.'


MOSES: THOUGHT WE'D WON IT
Posted on: Mon 05 Nov 2012

Goalscorer Victor Moses says we must move on quickly from Swansea's late
equaliser in south Wales on Saturday afternoon.

The summer signing scored his first league goal for the club on the hour
at the Liberty Stadium, and it looked like it would be enough to secure
a victory to return us to the top of the table, only for the hosts to
net a late leveller.

'It was a great header from Gary Cahill and I was in the right place at
the right time. I just quickly directed it towards the goal and it hit
the post and went in the back of the net,' said the 21-year-old.

'I thought it was the winner, everyone did but that's football and we
have to pick ourselves up and look forward to the next game.'

On a personal level the former Wigan man has adapted well to life at
Chelsea, but has had to display patience as a victim of a settled side
that has begun the season well. Injury to Juan Mata at the weekend gave
him a first league start, and Moses felt he did well in a tight
encounter that produced few scoring chances.

'It's a massive club and with the amount and quality of players we have
here you have to wait for your chance. That's what I've been doing and I
have to show the manager I'm good enough to start. It's just part of the
game.

'I was delighted to start but the game was a bit slow from us, though we
came out second half and dominated, but it cost us at the end,' he said.
'It's not the best result but we have to take it and move on from it.

'Now we have to keep on improving week in week out, but I am delighted
to be here.'


RADIO CLIVE'S FIVE: SWANSEA V CHELSEA
Posted on: Mon 05 Nov 2012

Throughout the season former player Clive Walker provides radio and TV
commentary on Chelsea's games. Here he selects five aspects from a game
when two points were let slip that caught his eye=85

1. I said during the commentary that this was one of those scenarios
when you win ugly because we weren't playing that well. We had more
possession than Swansea and although we didn't really deserve all three
points it was disappointing not to see the game through. What is good is
that round the corner there is a tough game against Shakhtar on
Wednesday so that helps clear Saturday's game out of minds quickly.

2. There was speculation after the match over whether tiredness played a
part following the two Man United games, including extra-time. Those
fixtures are tough but physically top players like these can cope.
Mental strength may be more of a factor because when you are 1-0 up you
don't want to make runs you don't need to make and mentally, this is
where a player like John Terry is so immense. We do miss his
organisation at times and the last 20 minutes are normally ideal for
experienced players like John and Frank Lampard to control matters.

3. Eden Hazard and Victor Moses both had good performances, Moses given
an opportunity after doing well against Man United midweek. He did well
again in what was a tough game. Hazard's work rate was much better
defensively than in some previous games although in the early stages he
left Ashley Cole a little exposed. After the first 20 minutes they
started to sort things out and in the second half Hazard was one of our
best players. Cesar Azpilicueta is also emerging, he still has things to
learn about the Premier League but he is showing he can be another one
of our attacking right-backs, although it will be by showing he is good
at defending that he will win a place in the team.

4. Gary Cahill again proved himself as good as those he is playing with,
and his impressive goalscoring will add to his confidence. At the moment
if we get him in the box, he is the one getting on the end of all
corners and free-kicks and making things happen. Other teams throughout
the Premier League will be saying he is the one they need to keep an eye
on at set-pieces.

5. In the first half Oriol Romeu played alongside John Mikel Obi so
unlike when Ramires or Frank Lampard play in one of the deep midfield
roles, there wasn't one player in the pair more naturally suited to
going forward. Mikel pushed up more than normal but when he crosses the
halfway line there is a fear that as soon as the other team get the ball
we are in trouble without him back. Those two are both more suited to
hold and we were away from home with this was always likely to be a
tight game, but Roberto Di Matteo did decide at half-time that he needed
to replace one of them with Ramires.


THE DATA DAY: SWANSEA CITY V CHELSEA
Posted on: Mon 05 Nov 2012

A late Swansea goal denied us of the three points on Saturday, but as
the numbers show, it was not our finest afternoon=85

Both sides attempted 11 shots, with Chelsea hitting five on target to
Swansea's three. All of the home side's goalbound efforts came inside
the final 20 minutes and none from inside the box, and so Roberto Di
Matteo's assessment that we shaded the play seems accurate.

John Mikel Obi completed more passes than another player on the pitch,
with 65 out of 68 accurate, while Swansea's Ki Sung-Yueng misplacing
just one of his 63 passes. After Mikel, Chelsea's next most influential
passers were all defensive players, showing our struggle to frequently
get the ball into dangerous areas.

Where we are used to seeing Juan Mata completing more passes than others
in the final third, on Saturday it was Mikel, with 16 of 18 on target.
Playing alongside Oriol Romeu in the first half, the Nigerian spent more
time getting forward than he usually does.

We attempted just 124 passes in that final third (completing 97). That
figure is our second-lowest of the season, after Wigan on the opening
day where we had scored both our goals in the opening six minutes and
did not need to attack. It is less than half the number we tried against
Norwich last month (249).

Like Chelsea, Swansea like to keep possession of the ball, and did so
marginally better than we did on Saturday. They completed 426 of 483
passes at a success rate of 88 per cent, where as we hit 381 of 442
passes on target, or 86 per cent, accurately, with 48 per cent overall
possession.

Only three of 18 crosses (including corners) by the Blues found their
man, but one resulted in Victor Moses's goal off Gary Cahill's header.
Cahill won all three of his aerial duels in the game.

Chelsea's front four of Torres, Oscar, Hazard and Moses only managed to
accumulatively create five chances for team-mates, so as Di Matteo said,
there was a lack of cutting edge about our play.

It wasn't a game for the dribblers, with Chelsea men successfully
navigating their way past an opponent's challenge just three times,
Victor Moses twice and Fernando Torres once, though it is worth noting
Eden Hazard was fouled four times as the Swans looked to limit the
Belgian's impact.

Oscar won three of his four tackles, cementing the idea that he offers
plenty more in defence than may have been expected when he arrived on
these shores.



Swansea City       Team Statistics       Chelsea
         1              Goals              1
         0         1st Half Goals          0
         3         Shots on Target         5
         4        Shots off Target         2
         4          Blocked Shots          4
         8             Corners             6
        12              Fouls             10
         2            Offsides             2
         4          Yellow Cards           1
         0            Red Cards            0
        87.8       Passing Success        86
        19             Tackles            22
        78.9       Tackles Success        54.5
        52.2         Possession           47.8
        48.7    Territorial Advantage     51.3
       484          Total Passes         442
        20         Total Crosses          18
       131           Lost Balls          128
        40           Recoveries           46
        47.4       1st Half Poss.         52.6
        58         2nd Half Poss.         42

regards
Harry



_______________________________________________
Chelsea mailing list
Chelsea@jesternix.net
http://jesternix.net/mailman/listinfo/chelsea_jesternix.net
