Subject:Greetings! So i'm looking for for husband!
And now, for something completely different...Most definitely an acquired taste, I'm a somewhat jaded seeker of truth, a musician and an observer of the human condition (and beyond) who thoroughly enjoys the company of interesting people, especially (each in their own way) interesting women. All I'm looking for, right now, are connections (social/business) and friendships but if more develops that's cool, too. No hurries, no worries. What I like? Be awake and aware and we're most of the way there. Like minds equal endless possibilities and exquisite satisfaction on many levels. It's all about chemistry. Not interested in the many (as the continual need for popularity is, generally, for the chronically insecure), just the few others who operate on a similar wavelength. While viewing a David Icke vid, I came across this: "Infinite love is the only truth. Everything else is illusion." Resonate?OK, here's the deal; I'm currently (late Jan. 2010) involved in
 several very cool personal and professional projects...quite frankly, I'm OK with being alone, most of the time, for a variety of reasons...however, I don't neccessarily wanna be alone ALL the time. My plate won't always be so full but, for now, it is what it is. Perhaps, you fellow creative, artist types can relate. Not a stick in the mud...still have fun, it's just that the definition of fun has...evolved...and I'm compelled to bring these projects to fruition, whatever the cost. Will consider making exceptions for the exceptional.Anyway...More info and pics on My Space. Search People for Darquestarrguitar. I know, My Space is considered passe but I find it more personalized and prefer it to face book, which feels like a never-ending class reunion...nice place to catch up on the past but I don't live there, anymore.


-- 
To UNSUBSCRIBE, email to debian-user-spanish-REQUEST@lists.debian.org
with a subject of "unsubscribe". Trouble? Contact listmaster@lists.debian.org
Archive: http://lists.debian.org/1352236257.93429.YahooMailNeo@web126105.mail.ne1.yahoo.com

