Subject:Re: [LUG] Linux - and security
On Fri, Nov 2, 2012 at 5:10 PM, bad apple wrote:
> Most of you are probably thinking I'm either a paranoid
> schizophrenic or living in a delusional and dystopian cyberpunk fantasy
> but I'd like to gently point out that not only is everything I said
> correct, but I can happily dig out references for everything you can't
> be bothered looking up yourself.

Well, you did give some of these references.

CRIME and BEAST are not something that an average Internet user should
worry about. Diginotar was really bad but didn't cause serious harm
beyond some Iranian opposition activists. Stuxnet targeted a nuclear
plant in Iran, not home users in the UK. Flame's target were large
corporations and governments in the Middle East.

It's all about money. If you have the US government against you,
you're basically stuffed as they can outspend your security budget.
Running Windows 8? No problem, they buy that zero-day from VUPEN.
Running something else? No problem, they've got ways to find out what
you're running and they can find (or buy) zero-days in that too. So in
that case you shouldn't use the Internet for anything that they are
after.

If you've got a fairly large business then you also have serious
problems, because the Chinese government, your competitors and highly
skilled criminals are after your intellectual property, your database
and your systems. In that case, apart from running security tools and
software, you should make sure that important documents aren't stored
in an Internet-connected computer, that security guidelines are
followed, etc.

And in both of these cases it is still likely that someone will find a
hole somewhere. RSA lost 66 million dollars because of a
spear-phishing email opened by one of its employees. The Diginotar
hack may have caused the death of Iranian opposition members.

Most people neither have a government against them, nor do they run
big businesses. They use the computer for web browsing, sending
emails, playing games. Probably they do online banking too.

The going price for access through a computer in the UK is a few dozen
pence. (Access is usually sold per 100 or 1000 machines.) Perhaps your
computer belongs to a specific category that makes access to your
machine worth several times that. It's still a small amount of money.

Following good security practise means attackers are likely to find an
easier target somewhere else. And perhaps they don't. Perhaps you made
a mistake, perhaps there is a vulnerability somewhere that gives
someone access to your machine. Therefore, you should make sure that
not too much harm can be done with such access: your computer doesn't
contain top secret files (or if they do, they are encrypted).
Passwords are not stored on the machine itself.

It's the same with people gaining unauthorized access to your
property: it is important to follow good practise and to make sure
people can't easily gain access. But it's equally important to be
aware that there may be a chance that people do come in, so don't
leave valuables lying around.

I'm not saying that things like Stuxnet, or governments buying
zero-days, shouldn't concern us. They should. But for most users they
won't affect our day-to-day usage of computers. We shouldn't pretend
they do.

Martijn.

-- 
The Mailing List for the Devon & Cornwall LUG
http://mailman.dclug.org.uk/listinfo/list
FAQ: http://www.dcglug.org.uk/listfaq
