Subject:[Chelsea] morning papers
http://b90.blogspot.co.uk/2012/11/man-utd-5-4-aet.html

Independent:


Sweet revenge for Chelsea as Sir Alex blames Nani for decisive penalty

Chelsea 5 Manchester United 4 (aet; Score at 90 min 3-3):

Roberto Di Matteo's side rescue victory from the jaws of defeat after
another thrilling tie


Sam Wallace



Sitting up in his private box last night, the television cameras
caught Roman Abramovich rubbing his forehead in frustration and
turning to his companion in the seat next to him for an explanation as
to why his Chelsea team insist on doing things the hard way.

Given that companion was Andrei Shevchenko, it was a least a man
well-versed in the tumultuous life of Chelsea football club. Three
times they fell behind, and three times they came back into a glorious
Capital One Cup tie replete with nine goals, nine bookings, three
penalties, a smattering of mistakes and a 94th-minute equaliser.

Three of those goals were in extra-time as Chelsea finally pulled away
from a Manchester United team that proved to be a little too raw and
inexperienced to match an opponent that got stronger with every
substitution and just would not lie down. Just to make life simple,
Ken Bates' Leeds United await Chelsea at Elland Road in the next
round.

It will be the first time that the former owner of Chelsea has faced
the club he sold to Abramovich over nine years ago and it would be
fair to say that they did not part on the best of terms. Neil Warnock,
the Leeds manager, has been the most outspoken in his criticism of
Chelsea's handling of the Mark Clattenburg affair. Another game and
another argument awaits Chelsea.

Last night, as Di Matteo sent on Ramires, Eden Hazard and then Oscar
to turn this tie around it was clear that even with the Fifa Club
World Cup awaiting in Japan in December, Chelsea were not prepared to
let this the dear old League Cup go without a fight. The Capital One
Cup is now down to the capital two with Chelsea and Arsenal, who will
face Bradford City, the clear favourites to win the competition.

It was a second error of the night from the 21-year-old academy
product Scott Wootton that let in Daniel Sturridge for Chelsea's
fourth goal in the eighth minute of extra-time, and the first time the
home side had been in the lead. In a frantic last period of
extra-time, Ramires scored a fifth before Ryan Giggs, 29 days' shy of
his 39th birthday, hit his second from the penalty spot to narrow the
deficit.

Ferguson chose not to blame Wootton excessively, reflecting that it is
always a risk to pick young defenders as opposed to young strikers.
Having partnered him with the 19-year-old Michael Keane, that was
evidently a risk Ferguson felt was worth taking. Keane might have been
sent off for a foul on Sturridge although overall his performance was
better than that of his defensive partner.

Instead, Ferguson blamed Nani for giving the ball away in the 94th
minute at the end of normal time with United leading 3-2. It ended
with Wootton fouling Ramires and gifting substitute Eden Hazard the
penalty that would take the game into extra-time. "Nani decided to try
and beat a player and we ended up conceding a penalty kick," Ferguson
said. "At that point, the young players started to feel it and it was
very difficult for them in extra-time."

In the hours before kick-off, Chelsea passed the point of no return in
the Mark Clattenburg affair, formalising their complaint with the
Football Association over the allegation of racial abuse against John
Obi Mikel on Sunday.

It was a lively occasion from the start, or rather it was lively from
the moment that the United fans in the Shed End unfurled a banner that
read "Clattenburg - referee, leader, legend" on the upper tier. They
sang "Time to blame the referee" at the home crowd when Chelsea went
behind. There were smoke flares and a pitch invader who managed to get
on and off the pitch eluding the Chelsea stewards.

Chelsea gifted United the first goal. Petr Cech, captain for the
night, passed the ball out to Oriol Romeu who was immediately under
pressure and easily robbed of possession by Anderson. With Cech
stranded, Giggs picked his corner.

The equaliser came seven minutes after United's goal, an easy decision
for referee Lee Mason to award a penalty, scored by Luiz, for
Alexander Buttner's badly-timed challenge on Victor Moses who was
dangerous down the right,

Hernandez scored United's second two minutes before half-time. It was
a silly mistake by Luiz who brought the ball out of defence and was
easily caught out by Rafael's challenge. From there the ball was fed
to Anderson and on to Hernandez who finished beautifully.

Sturridge had fallen over the ball in the first half - "Are you Torres
in disguise?" sang the United fans - and was too casual when unmarked
at the front post from a corner early in the second half. Gary Cahill
came to the rescue with a header from a corner that showed up United's
deficiencies at set-pieces.

Rafael did get the ball out from under the bar and there was a delay
in giving the goal which, replays showed, was a foot over the line. A
good decision by the officials. It might have been Halloween but this
was no ghost goal.

Within seven minutes of Chelsea's equaliser, United were ahead again,
when Hernandez worked the ball from the left side of the area. Nani
picked it up on the edge, played it into Anderson and got the return
ball straight into his stride. He shaped to strike the ball hard but
lifted a delicate ship over Cech.

Mata's shot in the box clearly struck Keane's hand but Mason did not
give a penalty. In the end Wootton's mistake gave Hazard his chance
from the penalty spot to save the tie. Sturridge and Ramires scored
the fourth and fifth before Giggs scored a penalty after Cesar
Azpilicueta knocked over Hernandez. Chelsea got over the line but they
did so having expended a lot of energy on the trophy that is fifth
among their priorities this season.


Man of the match Mata.

Match rating 9/10.

Referee L Mason (Lancs).

Attendance 41,126.



Bridgewatch: Was everyone on their best behaviour?

Home fans

Chelsea called for both sets of supporters to be on their best
behaviour in the match-day programme and most of 41,126 capacity crowd
did heed that warning. There was extra security in the wake of the
ugly scenes that followed Javier Hernandez's winning goal on Sunday
but those match day programmes were thrown at the Mexican as he
wheeled away in celebration last night.

Away fans

A vocal 6,000 travelling Manchester United supporters came accompanied
with a "Clattenburg =96 referee, leader, legend" banner. A smoke bomb
was thrown on to the pitch following David Luiz's equaliser from the
penalty spot. Constantly asked their home counterparts the whereabouts
of John Terry. "We want Clattenburg" followed an offside decision
against Hernandez late on.

Players

Both sets looked on their best behaviour, before a Nani strop led to a
m=EAl=E9e involving a dozen players in extra time. Until then referee Lee
Mason was never surrounded or questioned with any real anger.

Managers

No touchline confrontations between Roberto Di Matteo and Sir Alex
Ferguson this time. Di Matteo and a few members of the Chelsea
back-room staff vehemently protested the non-award of a penalty but
that was a rare flashpoint. Ferguson left most of the barking to his
assistants.

Officials

All in all, a good night for the men in black until Mason's decision
not award Chelsea a late penalty for Michael Keane's handball. Juan
Mata's cross clearly deflected off the arm of the Manchester United
defender and the referee was well-placed to make the correct decision.
Mason made the right call to give Chelsea a first-half spot-kick when
Victor Moses was bundled over by Alexander Buttner.





=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=
=3D


Guardian:




Chelsea earn dramatic victory over Manchester United in Capital One Cup

Chelsea 5

David Luiz (pen) 31,
Cahill 52,
Hazard (pen) 90+4,
Sturridge 90+8,
Ramires 90+26



Manchester United 4

Giggs 22,
Hern=E1ndez 43,
Nani 59,
Hern=E1ndez (pen) 90+30


Daniel Taylor at Stamford Bridge



It was another breathless encounter and, this time, Chelsea will not
care too much about the refereeing they think went in Manchester
United's favour. They were behind three times, dragged the game into
extra time with a 94th-minute penalty and, finally, booked their place
in the quarter-finals by the odd goal in nine.

Where to start? This was also a night when the referee, Lee Mason,
booked nine different players and was fortunate, perhaps, that Eden
Hazard's penalty spared him another inquest about a key decision going
against Chelsea. Mason had missed a pretty obvious penalty not long
before when Juan Mata's cross struck Michael Keane, United's
19-year-old centre-half, on both arms.

In the end it was largely inconsequential, thank goodness, and Sir
Alex Ferguson's decision to play two raw and inexperienced
centre-halves eventually counted against his team. Scott Wootton, 21,
was culpable for giving away the penalty Hazard converted when he
bundled over Ramires. The same player then gave Sturridge the chance
to put Chelsea ahead for the first time when he failed to get enough
on his header back to the goalkeeper, Anders Lindegaard, seven minutes
into the first period of extra time. Wootton and Keane tired badly
during the late stages and the younger man was fortunate not to be
sent off after fouling Sturridge when he was the last defender.

Chelsea, on the balance of play, deserved to go through. They, like
United, were guilty of some terrible defending at times, but they had
subjected their opponents to some draining second-half pressure after
Nani made it 3-2 just before the hour. It was difficult thereafter to
keep count of the number of chances they accumulated before the late
flurry of goals that culminated with Ramires eventually putting in
Chelsea's fifth, going round Lindegaard after some lovely play from
Hazard. Even then, there was another late twist at the other end as
C=E9sar Azpilicueta fouled Javier Hern=E1ndez to give away the third
penalty of the match. Ryan Giggs completed the scoring on a night of
drama, excitement and intrigue, but very little in terms of organised
defending.

The tone had been set in the 22nd minute when Petr Cech played a short
goal kick to Oriol Romeu and the Spaniard dithered, lost the ball and
watched helplessly as Giggs picked his spot to open the scoring.

David Lu=EDz's penalty, after Alex B=FCttner's badly-judged trip on Victor
Moses, made it 1-1 nine minutes later but the Chelsea defender then
reminded us of his own capacity for inviting trouble, running over the
halfway line with the ball and being caught in possession. The Lu=EDz
slalom undoubtedly looks good when it comes off, but it also has a
habit of endangering his team when he loses possession. Rafael won the
ball, Anderson played the killer pass and Hern=E1ndez did the rest with
an angled shot.

So much has been written about what happened when these sides met on
Sunday and, specifically, whatever Mark Clattenburg reputedly said to
Mikel John Obi and Mata, it seems to have been almost overlooked that
the two sides both came away from that match with considerable
questions about their defending. In truth, their reconfigured line-ups
=96 Sir Alex Ferguson made 10 changes to his United team, and Di Matteo
settled on six =96 fared even worse. The night was rife with
carelessness.

Chelsea, though, played with the greater urgency in the second half
and had the stronger, more experienced bench. Ramires and Hazard were
among the substitutes and their introductions had a significant
impact.

Sturridge had passed up two presentable opportunities by the time
Mata, Chelsea's best player, swung a corner over from the left and
Gary Cahill issued another reminder about what a handy knack it is
when a centre-half can cause problems in the opposition penalty area.
His header had flashed past Lindegaard and gone a yard behind the
goal-line by the time Rafael turned it against the crossbar and out.

This was the first spell of the match when Chelsea were clearly on top
but they were level for only seven minutes, Nani scoring with a
lovely, clipped finish, bursting into the penalty area and dinking his
shot over Cech at the end of a cultured exchange of passes involving
Hern=E1ndez and Anderson.

What followed was an extraordinary succession of near-misses,
desperate clearances and wasted chances in front of Lindegaard's goal.
United always carried menace in their own attacks but they were in a
dishevelled state by the end. Ferguson withdrew B=FCttner after a
difficult first half for the Dutchman, moving Rafael to left-back and
Darren Fletcher to the right of defence. In the circumstances, it was
probably no surprise they were so vulnerable.

For Chelsea, reflecting on a trip to Leeds United in the last eight,
it will not make up for what happened on Sunday, when their unbeaten
record in the league was sacrificed. Yet it still represents a
satisfying evening's work, particularly given how close they were to
going out.





=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D


Telegraph:


Chelsea 5 Manchester United 4 (aet):

By Henry Winter


Another day, another cup classic. The Capital One Cup has suddenly
become the one for entertainment. A match that could have become mired
down in the tension that followed the sides=92 Premier League meeting on
Sunday simply blossomed into a terrific flowing game.

Assisted by Anderson delivering one of his best displays for 80
minutes, Manchester United had seemed in control, heading towards
victory with seconds of normal time left when Nani erred, gifting the
ball to Chelsea when he should have been keeping the ball, not risking
it.

It was the key moment, the chance for the hosts to equalise and force
extra time when they finally took a lead they were not to relinquish.
It was just the type of laxness in possession that frustrated United
manager Sir Alex Ferguson.

Other errors crept into United=92s play. Scott Wootton, United=92s
21-year-old centre-half, had performed well for 80 minutes until a
couple of costly mistakes betrayed his inexperience.

United=92s other callow centre-back, Michael Keane, could easily have
been dismissed late on. Yet Ferguson can hardly be criticised for
giving youth a chance in the fourth competition on his list of
priorities.

It is the United way, the Ferguson way, the manager knowing how
important it was for youngsters to believe there was a route into the
first team.

Wootton and Keane will be better players for the experience, however
chastening. It also needs emphasising that United=92s youngsters faced a
strong Chelsea side, a starting XI containing the likes of Juan Mata,
John Obi Mikel and Petr Cech that was further strengthened with the
arrival from the bench of Ramires, Oscar and Eden Hazard. Some of
Hazard=92s control and passing was an absolute joy to behold.

Victor Moses signalled his promise with a series of direct,
penetrative runs. Also delighting Roberto Di Matteo was the resilience
shown by his players.

As if the match did not contain enough drama, there was a pitch
invader, a couple of fireworks and relentless chants by 6,000 United
fans in support of the referee Mark Clattenburg. Two hours before
kick-off, Chelsea had announced that they had formally lodged a
complaint with the Football Association, alleging that Clattenburg had
made a remark of a racist nature to Mikel.

=93Justice for Clattenburg=94, chanted came the chant from the section,
the length of the Shed. The visiting hordes had some other chants,
including a fairly toxic one for the watching John Terry, who was
supported by those in the Matthew Harding Upper with their familiar
banner of =93JT Captain, Leader, Legend=94. United followers unfurled a
banner of their own, declaring =93Clattenburg: Referee, Leader, Legend=94.

The football soon dominated the attention. Cech denied Nani and Danny
Welbeck but then stroked his goal-kick straight out to Oriol Romeu,
always a dangerous move as United had been pressing hard, fast and
high. Anderson was swiftly on to Romeu, nicking the ball into the path
of Ryan Giggs.

Cech hurriedly tried to scramble across, but Giggs was moving with
clinical intent, his second touch arrowing the ball between the
despairing Cech and the keeper=92s right-hand upright.

A United mistake let Chelsea back in. When Alexander Buttner brought
down Moses, David Luiz dispatched the penalty. Chelsea fans were then
treated to the bad side of Luiz, the careless side. He lost the ball
in midfield, allowing Anderson to release Javier Hern=E1ndez, who placed
his shot unerringly past Cech. Roman Abramovich and his friend Andrei
Shevchenko looked at each other in frustration.

The game continued to see-saw. Chelsea levelled early in the second
half when Gary Cahill powered in a header from a Mata corner.

United hit back, regaining the lead with a magnificent goal. Hern=E1ndez
was lurking around the box but eventually turned away and found Nani.

Oft criticised for his final ball, Nani was magnificent here, moving
in a blur through blue shirts, exchanging passes with Anderson before
dinking the ball past Cech. =93Time to blame the referee,=94 chanted the
United fans.

The home supporters were then up in arms when Mata=92s cross hit Michael
Keane=92s hand. Chelsea fans then sighed as Anders Lindegaard thwarted
Daniel Sturridge and Oscar.

Chelsea=92s pressure finally told when Ramires attempted to wriggle
through and was fouled by Wootton. Hazard made no mistake from the
spot, sending the game into extra time.

Wootton blundered again eight minutes later, his ill-considered
attempt at a header back to Lindegaard allowing Sturridge the chance
to run through and make it 4-3 to Chelsea. Nani and Oscar then squared
up, hardly a battle of the heavyweights, before a touch of controversy
invaded proceedings.

Keane fouled Sturridge as he went through, bringing baying calls for
his expulsion. Even Branislav Ivanovic, sitting behind the Chelsea
dugout, was out of his seat, waving an imaginary card. From the
free-kick, Luiz almost snapped the bar. Some magic from Hazard then
sent Ramires through and around Lindegaard to make it 5-3.

There was still time for a Giggs penalty after Cesar Azpilicueta had
fouled Hern=E1ndez but Chelsea comfortably saw out the final two
minutes. As if the game had not conjured up enough drama, the
quarter-final draw within half an hour of the final whistle then sent
Chelsea to Leeds United, to the club they often rucked with in the
Seventies.

The 1970 FA Cup final replay embodied much of the rivalry with Chopper
Harris against Eddie Gray, Eddie McCreadie against Billy Bremner, Jack
Charlton against Peter Osgood and Norman Hunter versus Ian Hutchinson.

Amongst other duels.

On and off the pitch, it promises to be a tense occasion, a night
match of Dec 19, delayed from the usual week because of Chelsea=92s
involvement in the World Club Championships in Japan. Sub-plots
abound. Leeds=92 manager, Neil Warnock, has been critical of Chelsea=92s
behaviour over the Clattenburg controversy.

Di Matteo was signed by Ken Bates during his time as chairman at the
Bridge. Bates is currently chairman of Leeds, although he may have
sold the club by Dec 19. If the takeover is delayed, Bates=92 programme
notes will be required reading. The small-talk in the boardroom could
be lively if Abramovich travels. It promises to be another compelling
Capital One Cup occasion.

Capital One Cup draw

Leeds United v Chelsea
Swansea City v Middlesbrough
Norwich City v Aston Villa
Bradford City v Arsenal


Chelsea (4-2-3-1): Cech; Azpilicueta, Cahill, Luiz, Bertrand; Romeu
(Oscar 71), Mikel (Ramires h-t); Moses, Mata, Piazon (Hazard 55);
Sturridge.
Subs: Hilario, Ferreira, Marin, Saville.
Booked: Romeu, Mikel, Luiz, Oscar, Ramires.

Manchester United (4-1-4-1): Lindegaard; Rafael, Keane, Wootton,
Buttner (Powell h-t); Fletcher; Nani, Anderson (Tunnicliffe 81),
Giggs, Welbeck (Macheda 99); Hernandez.
Subs: Johnstone, Lingard, Vermijl, Brady.
Booked: Wootton, Nani, Keane, Giggs.

Referee: L Mason (Lancashire).




=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D




Times:


Chelsea 5 Manchester United 4: Ramires provides the final flourish


Oliver Kay


 So much talk around Stamford Bridge in recent days has concerned
claim and counter-claim, controversy and conspiracy, that the thought
of this enthralling Capital One Cup tie swinging on the award of a
penalty deep into stoppage time might have had Chelsea=92s supporters
screaming blue murder.
 In the event, it was Chelsea who were the beneficiaries of the
penalty awarded =97 quite rightly =97 by Lee Mason, the referee, and
converted with typical coolness by Eden Hazard, the substitute.
Manchester United had led three times on the ground where they won 3-2
in acrimonious circumstances on Sunday, but they and in particular
Michael Keane and Scott Wooton, their young central defenders, were
blown away in extra time as goals from Daniel Sturridge and Ramires
put Chelsea 5-3 ahead.
 With Ryan Giggs scoring the ninth of the goal of the night from the
penalty spot in the final minute of extra time, it was quite a game
and, after the rancour and more that followed Mark Clattenburg=92s
performance on Sunday, it was gratifying that Mason and the other
match officials got more of the big decisions right than wrong. There
were three penalties correctly awarded and successfully converted =97
two for Chelsea and one for United =97 even if the home team would
complain, with some justification, that they should have had another.

For Chelsea, victory offers more than a small degree of revenge for
their Barclays Premier League defeat. This result, achieved with no
little spirit and no little style after they went 3-2 down, spared
them from a third consecutive defeat at the time of year when they
have often struggled. Both Sturridge and Ramires took their goals with
impressive verve, exploiting the tired young legs and minds in the
United defence to take the ball around Anders Lindegaard to score and
to leave the home supporters talking, pleasingly, of the contributions
of their players rather than the officials.
 There is something wonderfully nostalgic about the sight of Giggs
playing in this competition at the age of 38. Lucas Piaz=F3n, the
Chelsea playmaker, and Michael Keane, the United defender, had not
been born when Giggs won his first senior medal in what was then the
Rumbelows Cup in 1992.
 Last night Giggs was operating in one of the advanced central
midfield roles in a replica of the 4-1-4-1 formation that Ferguson
favoured in the Barclays Premier League match on Sunday, with Darren
Fletcher in the Michael Carrick position. The specific role is one
that he can barely have filled in his long career, but he seemed to be
enjoying it even before scoring the goal that put United ahead midway
through the first half.
 For Chelsea, it was an appallingly sloppy goal to concede =97 not for
the last time. For this goal, at least, David Luiz was not to blame.
The blame lay with Petr Cech, the goalkeeper, who inexplicably put
Oriol Romeu under pressure with an ill-advised short goal kick. Romeu
still had time to avert the danger but Anderson was quick to punish
the dawdling Chelsea youngster, taking the ball off him and feeding
Giggs, who struck a shot past Cech from the edge of the penalty area.
 That seemed a little harsh on Chelsea, who had made the early
running, with Victor Moses to the fore. The forward has played just 77
minutes of Premier League football for Chelsea since lining up against
them for Wigan Athletic on the opening weekend of the season, but,
operating on the right wing, he offered several glimpses of a talent
that has usually been described as =93raw=94 so far in his young career.

Having earlier picked out Sturridge with a perfect cross that the
forward wasted, Moses effectively forced the equaliser in the 29th
minute. Bursting into the penalty area, he was too quick and too
clever for Alexander B=FCttner, who felled him with a clumsy challenge.
David Luiz stepped up and dispatched the type of penalty that might
have an uninformed observer believing that he was a no-nonsense
defender.
 Unfortunately for Chelsea, there is far too much nonsense with David
Luiz. Carrying the ball across the halfway line does not constitute
nonsense =97 even if plenty of coaches in England might disagree =97 but
doing so with reckless abandon does. David Luiz was tackled by Rafael
Da Silva, another young Brazilian with an impetuous streak, and
Anderson=92s perfect pass released Hern=E1ndez, who beat Cech to score for
the sixth time in his nine appearances against Chelsea.
 At half-time Sir Alex Ferguson replaced the unimpressive B=FCttner with
Nick Powell, the teenager signed from Crewe Alexandra. This brought a
reshuffle that saw Powell move into a playmaking role, Giggs to
holding midfield, Fletcher to right-back and Rafael to left back.
Roberto Di Matteo, the manager, sent on Ramires in place of Mikel,
whose selection, after Sunday=92s controversy, did not pay off.

The standard of the defending, at both ends, remained poor. Juan Mata
swung over a corner from the left and Cahill rose to equalise with a
header. In a week when match officials have been lambasted, credit to
Jake Collin, the assistant, for signalling that the ball had crossed
the line =97 even if it was by several inches =97 before Rafael cleared.
 Once again, it seemed the momentum was with Chelsea. Once again,
United claimed the lead. This one was a beauty =97 Hern=E1ndez to Nani to
Anderson to Nani, who dinked the ball over Cech to make it 3-2.
 Chelsea=92s play merited a third goal, but both Moses and C=E9sar
Azpilicueta missed the target with headers and on 72 minutes Mason
denied Chelsea a penalty when Keane handled the ball.
 Finally, in the fourth minute of stoppage time, Chelsea got their
equaliser, with Wooton=92s foul on Ramires. Hazard rolled home a penalty
to ensure the drama went to extra time.

 Chelsea (4-2-3-1): P Cech =97 C Azpilicueta, G Cahill, David Luiz, R
Bertrand =97 O Romeu (sub: Oscar, 71min), J O Mikel (sub: Ramires, 46) =97
V Moses, J Mata, L Piaz=F3n (sub: E Hazard, 55) =97 D Sturridge.
Substitutes not used: Hilario, P Ferreira, G Saville, M Marin. Booked:
Romeu, Mikel, David Luiz, Oscar, Ramires.

 Manchester United (4-1-4-1): A Lindegaard =97 Rafael Da Silva, W Keane,
S Wootton, A B=FCttner (sub: N Powell, 46)=97 D Fletcher =97 Nani, Anderson
(sub: R Tunnicliffe, 81), R Giggs, D Welbeck (sub: F Macheda, 99) =97 J
Hern=E1ndez. Substitutes not used: S Johnstone, M Vermijl, R Brady, J
Lingard. Booked: Wootton, Nani, Keane, Giggs.

 Referee: L Mason.




=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D



Mail:


Chelsea 5 Manchester United 4:

Capital punishment for Reds reserves as Blues fight back three times
for sweet revenge


By Laura Williamson



After all the controversy of Sunday, Chelsea and Manchester United
reconvened at Stamford Bridge and produced a humdinger of a Capital
One Cup tie: a treat to savour rather than a trick on a rainy
Hallowe'en night.

It had its moments of controversy, of course; plenty of them. We even
had some of the terrace banter that is so often missing from clashes
between the top clubs. But more than anything it was an enjoyable,
exciting cup tie.

Goals from Ryan Giggs, Javier Hernandez and Nani seemed to have booked
United a place in the quarter-finals, only for Chelsea to conjure up
three equalisers from David Luiz, Gary Cahill and Eden Hazard to force
extra time.

Daniel Sturridge, who had endured a largely dismal evening, put his
side ahead in the 97th minute before Ramires sealed victory with the
cutest of finishes after 116  minutes of pulsating football.

And yet there was still time for Giggs to score his second of the
evening with a penalty in the final minute of the match.

There were only five survivors from Chelsea=92s starting XI on Sunday,
with John Mikel Obi and Juan Mata, the players at the centre of the
initial allegations against referee Mark Clattenburg, both included.
Sir Alex Ferguson made 10 changes.

But the repercussions of United=92s 3-2 win at the weekend were
impossible to ignore. United fans unfurled a banner saying
=91Clattenburg. Referee, Leader, Legend=92 and there were more pointed
chants referring to the absence of John Terry, who was  serving the
third game of his  four-match ban for racially abusing Anton
Ferdinand.

Was there an element of revenge in Chelsea=92s win? Perhaps. But the
real bonus for the champions of Europe was the manner in which they
came back three times and then went on to win. That can only breed
confidence after a difficult few days.

Anderson and substitute Nick Powell were plusses for United, who also
saw 38-year-old Giggs play the full 120 minutes, while Victor Moses
was influential for Chelsea before Ramires and Oscar began to run the
show when they were introduced in the second half.

That it was Sturridge who gave Chelsea the lead for the first time in
this match, however, was something of a surprise given his overall
performance.

With Fernando Torres suspended following his red card on Sunday, this
was Sturridge=92s first start for Chelsea this season =97 and the perfect
opportunity to show his ability in the central striking role he
craves.

Yet the 23-year-old was initially comfortably marshalled by United=92s
young central defensive pairing of Scott Wootton and Michael Keane. It
was Moses who looked far more accomplished, outmuscling Alexander
Buttner after half an hour to win his side a penalty, which David Luiz
converted.

Chelsea had gone behind in bizarre circumstances in the 22nd minute.
After a free-kick from Buttner went wide, Petr Cech played a short
pass to Oriol Romeu, who was dispossessed by Anderson.

Giggs was the lucky recipient and the Welshman scored by the time Luiz
had ambled back on to the pitch.

The Brazil defender played more of a role in United=92s second goal,
taking the ball up field before watching it cannon back into Chelsea=92s
half. With the centre half stranded, Hernandez exploited the huge gap
to score his fourth goal in three games in the 43rd minute. This one,
however, was definitely not offside.

United=92s young defence seemed to be in control, but Chelsea were level
seven minutes after the restart as Gary Cahill powered home a header
from a Mata corner.

After looking as if he would rather be anywhere but Stamford Bridge,
Nani suddenly burst into life to score United=92s third. A smart one-two
with Anderson saw the winger burst into space and finish with his
right foot. Cech was left to collect the bottle that was hurled on to
the pitch.

Di Matteo pushed for an equaliser. Cesar Azpilicueta was closed down
in a promising position at the far post and then Chelsea appealed for
a penalty when Mata=92s shot hit Keane=92s hand. Fourth official Mike Dean
got a mouthful from Di Matteo but Lee Mason was unmoved.

The referee, however, was apparently only prolonging the drama. In the
fourth minute of stoppage time he pointed to the spot after Wootton
bundled over Ramires. Hazard converted with the coolest of right-foot
strikes down the middle and, finally, Chelsea were in the ascendency.

Sturridge wasted another glorious chance but, eventually, he converted
an opportunity, taking the ball round Anders Lindegaard in the 97th
minute after a misjudged header back from Wootton.

Keane was then perhaps fortunate to receive only a yellow card for
pulling back the Chelsea striker before Ramires danced through
United=92s defence to put the match beyond doubt. Even then, Giggs
converted a penalty after Azpilicueta was judged to have fouled
Hernandez.

Chelsea=92s prize is a trip to Elland Road to face Leeds, and former
owner Ken Bates, in the quarter-finals. Leeds manager Neil Warnock
said he was =91disgusted=92 by Chelsea accusing Clattenburg of making
=91inappropriate comments=92 this week. You get the impression that might
be an exciting Cup tie, too.





=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D



Mirror:

Chelsea 5-4 Manchester United

Darren Lewis


Back from the dead: Blues raise spirited comeback in nine-goal
Halowe'en thriller


A later than last minute equaliser took the game into extra-time at
Stamford Bridge before Sturridge and Ramires sealed it

Just what the doctor ordered after a tough few days for Chelsea.

Just what the Blues needed to remind us all that - for all the
controversy surrounding them - they do actually have a half decent
squad.

And another of the games - after Reading v Arsenal - that football has
needed to remind us that there is still so much to love about this
beautiful game.

Chelsea needed a show of character after having their unbeaten Premier
League run ended at the hands of Sir Alex Ferguson last Sunday.

Roberto Di Matteo spoke after this win about the big characters in his
dressing room that had stepped up to snatch victory from the jaws of
defeat last night.

You can bet your boots too that they will relish a quarter-final tie
against a Leeds side managed by Neil Warnock - the man who this week
accused Chelsea of trying to "kill" referee Mark Clattenburg with
their racism allegations.

But the Blues would do better to focus on their Premier League programme.

Especially after Andre Villas-Boas revealed his Chelsea side never
recovered from having two men sent off and racism allegations levelled
at them at QPR 12 months ago.

Back then the west Londoners went on to claim a big League Cup victory
- just as they did last night at Everton - suggesting they were back
on track.

But in the Premier League they went on to lose two of their subsequent
three games and could never regain their consistency.

Asked if there was any danger of that this time around, Di Matteo
talked about what he perceived as refereeing injustices that have hit
Chelsea then and now.

Yet if his men - with Swansea away on Saturday - show the bottle they
produced last night in the Premier League then they needn't worry
about officials.

Sir Alex's men went ahead through the evergreen Ryan Giggs in the 22nd minu=
te.

The Welshman cashed in after Oriol Romeu - handed a hospital ball by
his keeper Petr Cech - was robbed by Anderson.

The Brazilian fed Giggs in acres of space and we've all been watching
the winger for far too long to know that he does not spurn
opportunities that good.

Chelsea levelled on 31 minutes when Alexander Buttner hacked down
Victor Moses on the left side of the United box.

David Luiz made no mistake from the spot. At that point - with fans
trading insulting chants, an idiot supporter running onto the pitch
and a flare going off in an upper tier - you wondered we'd see more of
bad behaviour we had on Sunday.

But it remained all about the football and Javier Hernandez, Sunday's
matchwinner, raced clear from Anderson's superb ball to make it 2-1 a
minute before half time.

Gary Cahill levelled again nine minutes after the break when he rose
highest to convert Juan Mata's corner.

But United went ahead again. This time through Nani who traded passes
with Anderson before sending a sumptuous chip over Cech.

With Chelsea's Cesar Azpilicueta missing a sitter on 69 minutes,
United looked to be holding Roberto Di Matteo's men at arms length.

Then young United defender Scott Wooton brought down Ramires and
allowed substitute Eden Hazard to score with the last kick of normal
time.

The Blues fans that had streamed out began piling back in for extra time.

They were right to do so.

Four minutes in Wooton's attempted header back to goal fell nicely for
Sturridge, who rounded Lindegaard and scored.

And when Ramires left Lindegaard on his backside to make it 5-3 that
looked to be it.

But then this is the Capital One Cup, where defending goes out of the
window and goals are in vogue.

So it came as no surprise that referee Lee Mason pointed to the spot
on 119 minutes when Azpilicueta bundled over Hernandez.

Giggs made no mistake with the penalty. But by then Chelsea had done
enough. They move into the last eight of the Capital One Cup.





=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D



Sun:



Chelsea 5 Man Utd 4

By MARK IRWIN


NINE goals, 10 yellow cards, three penalties and one crazy, crazy
night at the Bridge.

Victory in the fourth round of the Capital One Cup might not mean too
much when you are the champions of Europe.

But Chelsea fans will celebrate it like May all over again when it
comes at the expense of the team who had mugged them just three days
earlier.

With the three minutes of added time expired, United were 3-2 ahead
once more and convinced they had won again at the home of their
fiercest rivals.

But before ref Lee Mason could blow for full-time, Ramires was barged
over in the penalty area by rookie defender Scott Wootton and suddenly
all bets were off again.

Eden Hazard calmly rolled his spot-kick past Anders Lindegaerd and
United=92s young defence never recovered from that sickening setback.

Seven minutes into extra-time time poor Wootton blundered again when
he inexplicably headed Juan Mata=92s crossfield pass straight into the
path of Daniel Sturridge.

The England striker, starting his first game of the season in the
absence of the suspended Fernando Torres, was not going to refuse such
a gift as he went round the stranded Lindegaard to fire his team ahead
for the first time all night.

United=92s kids, who had already surrendered the lead three times, were
simply unable to respond in the same manner and fell further behind
when Ramires was played in by fellow sub Hazard in the 115th minute.

And though Ryan Giggs reduced the arrears from the spot in the dying
seconds following Cesar Azpilicueta=92s foul on Javier Hernandez,
Chelsea were not going to be denied their moment of revenge.

No matter how low this competition might figure in the priorities of
both these sides, there is never a low-key encounter when these bitter
rivals are in direct opposition.

For Chelsea this was the opportunity to make a point after the events
of three days previously, when they had been reduced to nine men
before losing to an offside goal.

For United, it was the chance to twist the knife on the team who have
emerged as their most consistent challengers in recent years.

In the end it was the team with the slightly less dodgy defence which
triumphed to take their place in the last eight, where they will
travel to Leeds.

Yet even if this match had a twist in the tale, it had an
all-too-familiar start as Chelsea were once again undone by their
weaknesses at the back.

Alex Buttner had just shot wide from a hopeful free-kick when Petr
Cech took a short goal-kick to Oriol Romeu on the edge of the penalty
area.

But the young Spanish midfielder turned straight into the lurking
Anderson and could only watch in horror as he surrendered possession
to Giggs.

Unmarked and unchallenged, Giggs calmly stroked his shot beyond Cech=92s
reach for the 165th goal of his extraordinary United career.

Chelsea=92s frustration increased when Rafael went unpunished for a
check on Lucas Piazon before Mikel collected another yellow card for
tripping Danny Welbeck.

But with angry Chelsea fans chanting =91You=92re worse than Clattenburg=92
at ref Mason, they finally got a decision to their liking when Moses
was tripped by Buttner in the box and David Luiz converted the
penalty.

Unfortunately for Chelsea, that goal seemed to convince Luiz that he
was a striker rather than a centre-half and charging recklessly
forward, he lost possession to Rafael and left a gaping hole behind
him for Anderson to thread a pass through to Javier Hernandez.

The Mexican hotshot was far too quick for the labouring Gary Cahill as
he raced clear to shoot past the stranded Cech.

Roman Abramovich, sitting next to Andrey Shevchenko in his executive
box, slumped deep into his seat as his team suffered yet another
self-inflicted wound from the =A322million Brazilian.

But the owner=92s annoyance was quickly forgotten as Cahill headed
Chelsea level yet again in the 52nd minute from another Mata corner.

Yet just as Chelsea dared to believe the tide had turned, they were
undone yet again by a moment of pure magic from Nani.

Taking the ball from Hernandez, the Portuguese winger exchanged passes
with Anderson before lifting an exquisite angled chip over Cech to
restore United=92s lead.

But once Chelsea threw on superstar subs Hazard, Oscar and Ramires it
was always just a matter of time before the visitors crumbled.


DREAM TEAM

SUN STAR MAN =97 MATA (CHELSEA)

CHELSEA: Cech 6, Azpilicueta 6, Cahill 6, Luiz 5, Bertrand 6, Romeu 5,
Mikel 6, Moses 7, Mata 8, Piazon 6, Sturridge 6. Subs: Ramires (Mikel
46) 6, Hazard (Piazon 55) 6, Oscar (Romeu 71) 8. Booked: Luiz, Oscar,
Romeu, Mikel, Ramires.

MAN UNITED: Lindegaard 6, Rafael 7, Wootton 4, Keane 5, Buttner 5,
Anderson 7, Giggs 7, Fletcher 6, Nani 7, Hernandez 7, Welbeck 5. Subs:
Powell (Buttner 46) 6, Tunnicliffe, (Anderson 81) 5, Macheda (Welbeck
99) 5. Booked: Nani, Wootton, Giggs, Keane.

REF: L Mason 8




=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D



Star:


CHELSEA ESCAPE FROM A SPOT OF BOTHER


By David Woods



LEE MASON should have helped restore Chelsea's faith in referees - but
boss Roberto Di Matteo was still not happy.


 The former debt collector balanced the books as he awarded the Blues
two penalties last night.

 Those spot-kicks helped Chelsea scrape through to the Capital One Cup
quarter-finals against the United youngsters, but Di Matteo was upset
a third was not given.

 The second, converted by Eden Hazard, came in the final minute of
normal time and denied Fergie's fledglings a victory which would have
damaged the Londoners even more than Sunday's 3-2 defeat.

 That Premier League game, of course, saw Chelsea's amazing claim that
ref Mark Clattenburg racially abused John Obi Mikel on the pitch.

 Eleven Chelsea players who featured on Sunday played a part last night.

 For United it was just three, so defeat for the Blues again in front
of owner Roman Abramovich would have been embarrassing.

 The United trio included Javier Hernandez, who claimed the winner
after coming off the bench in the league game.

 He scored again last night, with Ryan Giggs - a fellow used
substitute on Sunday - claiming a double and Nani also notching as
United took the lead three times.

 But Di Matteo's men battled back to avoid a third successive defeat.

 The Italian did not need reminding October 23 last year sparked a run
of four defeats and a draw in seven games, the beginning of the end
for Andre Villas-Boas. October 23 this year saw the Blues lose 2-1 at
Shakhtar Donetsk.

 Ex-Barcelona star Oriel Romeu's error helped United take the lead in
the 22nd minute, allowing Anderson to nick the ball off him and prod
it to Giggs. The Welshman's trusty left foot did the rest.

 Chelsea's equaliser came in the 30th minute, after a rash challenge
in the box from Alex Buttner on the lively Victor Moses.

 David Luiz took the kick confidently, driving low to the right of
Anders Lindegaard who got a hand to it.

 But in the 43rd minute United were back in front when Luiz was
tackled by Rafael, the only United starter left from Sunday.

 The ball rolled to Anderson, who picked out Hernandez. He steadied
himself to drill past Petr Cech for his sixth goal in nine appearances
against the Blues.

 Chelsea were back level in the 52nd minute when Gary Cahill rose
impressively to power in a header from a Juan Mata corner.

 United took the lead again in the 59th minute when Anderson and Nani
swapped passed and the Portuguese ace lifted his finish over Cech.

 With seconds left the immaturity of the United team was shown again
when Scott Wootton needlessly pushed Ramires in the back.

 Despite the 21-year-old's anguished denials, it was a shove and
Hazard stroked in the penalty.

 In the seventh minute of extra-time Wootton's woes increased. Trying
to guide a header back to Lindegaard, he instead gave it to Daniel
Sturridge, who rounded the keeper to tap in.

 Chelsea made it 5-3 in the 116th minute as Hazard played in Ramires
to slot home and there was a third penalty at the death after Cesar
Azpilicueta brought down Hernandez. Giggs fired it home.

 Fergie, who blamed Nani for the key Chelsea penalty as he had been
caught in possession, also admitted it had been a risk playing Michael
Keane, 19, and Wootton as centre-backs.

 He said: "We had to gamble on the centre-backs. It is not easy.

 "You can get away with putting on a young forward but playing young
defenders away, at a place like Chelsea, is always going to be
difficult."

 Despite Mason's two penalty awards, Di Matteo was upset a third
wasn't given when a cross from Mata struck Keane's hand.

 "There was a clear handball in the box and I am not sure why it
wasn't given," he said. "Nobody's talking about that."

 Still, you don't have to be a genius to work out who will be fresher
on Saturday as United take on Arsenal at home and Chelsea travel to
Swansea.

 And things won't get any easier in this competition as the Blues drew
Leeds in the quarter-finals. "There is a little bit of history," said
Di Matteo.

 After Leeds boss Neil Warnock's claim the Blues were trying to "kill"
ref Clattenburg with their allegations, that history could have an
exciting new chapter.

_______________________________________________
Chelsea mailing list
Chelsea@jesternix.net
http://jesternix.net/mailman/listinfo/chelsea_jesternix.net
