Subject:Re: [LUG] No need to bash Unity...
On 05/11/12 17:27, Malcolm Dinsmore wrote:
> I don't really get why the vocal bash Unity.   I suspect I am about to
> find out why no-one raises their head above the parapet  to say they
> like unity but here goes:

Fair enough, if you like it then more power to you - I hope nobody is
going to give you an earful just because you happen to like Unity. Some
bits are potentially pretty cool after all - personally, I hate the
Apple-style global menus with a vengeance, but for less skilled users
who don't have every keyboard shortcut for a sprawling program like Gimp
burnt into their muscle memory it's a nice touch to start typing
"unsharp mask" and have the lens dynamically filter the available
options for you. I can see that being really useful for kids, new
converts and casual users (and the terminally lazy, such as myself)
struggling with endless nested menus and cryptically labelled options. A
lot of the game-ending stupidity has been either fixed or removed,
fallback 2D mode now uses llvm soft-rendering instead of just instantly
breaking... it has come along a fair way. And anything you don't like
(the hateful Amazon bullshit is obviously the top of the list) can be
trivially removed or now there is at least a semblance of configuration
options available, modified to taste. In fact, if anything, Gnome3 -
which I prefer - suffers from most of these problems itself, and a whole
bunch of other failures specific to itself.

I actually use Unity every day - several customers/friends I support are
using it, some of my maintenance/testing VMs run it so I'm not hating
just for the sake of it. I do think you might be putting the cart before
the horse as well, so to speak. It's not that you've just got a "vocal"
minority undeservedly slandering a brave new Desktop Environment.
Whether you look at the uninformed masses, the drivelling hordes of
(secretly windows using) slashdotters, experienced sysadmins or even
Linus himself, unquestionably the vast majority opinion has consistently
been that it sucks. From day one of release to the greatly improved
modern Unity, it seems that something like 95% of users hate it -
there's a reason why Ubuntu slipped from it's long held and proud number
1 position on distrowatch exactly when the first Unity-default version
was released.

But hey, I'm not trying to convince you or anything - if it works for
you, fantastic. I'll keep an eye on it and keep using it, maybe in two
years it'll be so awesome that every distro ships with it by default,
including windows 9 and OpenVMS. And for what it's worth, as much as I
hate Unity, I'd still rather use it than KDE. I really can't even tell
you how much I hate KDE (although I loved kio-slaves).

Regards

-- 
The Mailing List for the Devon & Cornwall LUG
http://mailman.dclug.org.uk/listinfo/list
FAQ: http://www.dcglug.org.uk/listfaq
