Subject:Investment claim!
 
Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited
65 Chulia Street, #29-00 OCBC Centre
Singapore 049513.

Email: address: charlie_ocbc.externalauditor@w.cn 

Hello, 

Good day to you!

I am a member of the auditing team at OCBC Bank Singapore though you were listed as a beneficiary to the total sum of $26.2M USD (Twenty Six Million Two Hundred Thousand United States dollars) of a deceased who may relate to you (perhaps) in Singapore died couple of years ago in Tsunami tragedy in Indonesia (name withheld for security reasons) he died interstate with no Will or Next of Kin. To maintain the level of security required I have intentionally left out the final details.


I contacted you because you bear the same LAST NAME identity and therefore can present you as the (Next of Kin) to the inheritance claim. I therefore reckoned that you can receive these funds as you are qualified by your last name identity.



I urge you to come forward since I can provide you with the details needed for you to claim the estate/capital so that we can be gratify by you, we intend to offer you 45% and 50% for us and the remaining 5% for miscellaneous expenses incurred during the cost of this mutual project though my colleagues and I will do all the crucial part in the bank to have the inheritance claim release to you promptly.


All the legal papers will be processed in your acceptance of this mutual beneficial project, I hereby requested that you kindly forward to my private email (charlie_ocbc.externalauditor@w.cn) a letter of acceptance; your full name, home address, current telephone, passport or driver's license to enable us prepare the necessary bank papers to effect the quick release of the inheritance funds to your nominated bank account


I wait in anticipation for your fullest cooperation.


Sincerely,
Mr. Charlie Lee Yung.

																																																																																																																																																			



