Subject:WRITE ME
Dear Sir/Madam,


I want you to be patient and read through the content of this mail to
understand how we intend making you the sole beneficiary of the entire
funds without complication and hitch free process.

I am Mr. W S H Laidlaw, Chief Executive Officer of Centrica plc,
Director HSBC and A member of the Remuneration Committee.

A late client in our bank who was an investor made a numbered Fixed
deposit for 48 calendar months, with a value of $224,500,000.00 USD
(Two Hundred and Twenty Four Million, Five Hundred Thousand United
State Dollars Only) in my bank HSBC Bank USA.

Against this backdrop, my suggestion to you is that I will like you as
a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to my client so that you will
be able to receive his funds. I have transferred the entire funds (Two
Hundred and Twenty Four Million, Five Hundred Thousand United State
Dollars Only) to an affiliate online bank before my Government would
take custody of the funds due to no beneficiary and no one will ever
come forward to claim it.

REQUIREMENT AS A NEXT OF KIN:

I want you to know that I have had everything planned out so that we
shall come out successful. I am in contact with an attorney that will
prepare the necessary document that will back you up as the next of
kin to my late client through obtaining the required document
including the Certificate of Deposit to be issued in your name. After
you have been made the next of kin, the attorney will also file in for
claims on your behalf and secure the necessary approval and letter of
probate in your favor for onward custody of the funds by you from the
online bank.

There is no risk involved in the matter as we are going to adopt a
legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the necessary
documents. Please endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all matters
concerning this issue. The funds is currently in custody of the online
bank awaiting claim I would provide you the necessary paper works to
forward to the online bank as confirmation that you are taking custody
of the transferred funds and once the entire funds have been
transferred to your home bank account from the online bank we shall
share in the ratio of 50% each as Partners in this deal which I plan
on investing my share of the funds in your country as co-partner with
you.

For the attorney to begin the paperwork=E2=80=99s processing on your behalf,
the below complete information=E2=80=99s would be required:

 Full Names:
 Age:
 Full Contact/Postal Address:
 Occupation:
 Direct Phone Number:
 Fax Number:

Your earliest response and decision to this detailed mail will be very
much appreciated.

wshlaidl@mynet.com
Your Partner,
Mr. W. S. H. Laidlaw.
=20

