Subject:Hello, Read and Reply Immediately.
Hello, 


Please take your time to read this message; although we have never met before, this is no spam. It's a real message sent to you. I know also that you will be amazed at the level of trust that I am willing to place in a person that I have never seen nor spoken with.

My name is Joshua David; I have been a catholic priest for over 25 years. I had a heart surgery on the 30-04-2012 and the Doctors have just informed me that I cannot live longer; I had a serious bleeding after the operation. I have decided to give to you the total sum of $2.970.000.00 (Two million Nine Hundred and seventy Thousand US DOLLARS) which was deposited in my bank account by a dying elderly woman in my congregation. I want you to use this amount to make the world a better place for the poor and less privileged, help the needy and also help your family members.

As a Catholic priest, I have no child, no wife, and no family, lost my whole family to a fatal car accident. I have no other option as my days on earth are numbered, this is no joke. It's true we don't receive emails like this every day, but today is a different day so it's time for "REAL CHANGE" time to make the world a better place for the poor.


I took this decision because I was raised in an Orphanage so I don't have relatives and presently, I'm hospitalized at a Benin hospital, where I am undergoing treatment. That's why I have decided to contact you so that you can make good use of the money which I willed to you. Now, the people around me are only waiting for me to die, so that they can sit on my money and use it for their selfish interest. I hate evil minded people and that's why I want you to now contact my Lawyer with the information below:

Contact name : Hassan Ousmane
Email address: ho1942@ymail.com
Office address: Rue 354 Sacre Ceour, Cotonou Benin Republic.


He will direct you on what to do in order to receive funds immediately; I have passed on my instructions to him so feel free to contact him. Please make sure you contact my Lawyer, he is the only one that can respond to you in due time. I wish you the very best in life. Always pray for my soul to rest in perfect peace, I would be a very happy man even in death if you use these funds for Good work to help humanity. I am 77 years old now and has been good to everyone around... please assure me that you would help me carry on the good work.




Joshua David



