Subject:FROM : MISS SUSAN SMITH
Dear Friend,

Please can you be trusted? I am Miss Susan Smith from Harlesden, North West London, here in England. I work for Ubs Investment Bank London. I am writing you from my personal mail box that will be of an immense benefit for both of us. 
First I apologized using this medium to reach you for a transaction/business of this magnitude, but this is due to Confidentiality and prompt access repose on this medium. This transaction will be done legally. 
It is not stealing because there is no next of kin and if the fund is not claimed the Government will confiscate the fund since no one is coming up for the claims hence you should co-operate with me to move the fund to your possession for our mutual benefit. 
What is of utmost essence here is trust and good partnership to ensure successful transfer of this fund as soon possible. 
The sum of (US$18,500,000.00) million dollars was deposited by Mohamed Hussein. For more details, check out the below
website: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/2988455.stm

I agree to offer you 40% in respect of all your assistance for this transaction, 10% will be for the incurred expenses that will be made during the transferring process of this fund in your account, then 50% will be for me being the pioneer of the business. 
Do you re-assure me that you will send me my own share of the money upon the successfully consummation of this transfer. If you are truly interested in this transaction, kindly supply the following details in your next response: 
I am not trying to probe into your personal life but may I know because I am entrusting to your care a big sum of funds so I need to know a little about you since we have not met before, I will also use the information below to establish you as the next of kin, since no next of kin was indicated. I request that you kindly forward to me your current telephone, fax numbers and current home address and your names in full

Please understand very well that you were contacted because i want to secure this fund in another account outside this country and I wish to do it through you. I cannot put up the claim to this fund in my name because I am a worker here in this company. 
Remember that the circumstances surrounding. this business demands for absolute privacy of information so far disclosed , You shall keep all information between you and I alone , until we get this US $18,500,000.00) into your custody anywhere overseas for your good and my good. 
Do not disclose this deal even to your best friend for security reasons because human beings can be cruel and jealous and when they hear about this opportunity, they will sabotage you so that you don't become richer.

Awaiting your urgent response.

Yours truly
Miss Susan Smith

