Subject:Prince Fayad H. Bolkiah  Of Brunei Darussalam
Hello,

I need you to read this email message carefully because it is very imperative. I am contacting you for an Urgent Business Project and further explicit investment assistance in your country.I am PRINCE FAYAD H. BOLKIAH, the eldest son of PRINCE JEFRI BOLKIAH who was the former Finance Minister of Brunei. Brunei Darussalam is a small country located in the northwest of the island of Borneo and governed by His Majesty SHEIK HAJI HASSANAL BOLKIAH MU'IZZADDIN WADDAULAH.

I will save your time by not amplifying my extended Royal Family history which has already been disseminated by the international media during the controversial dispute that erupted between my father and his stepbrother, the sultan of Brunei SHEIK HAJI HASSANAL BOLKIAH.

You can visit the websites below for a better understanding of the situation:-http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/670959.stm As you may know from the international  edia, the Sultan had accused my father of financial mismanagement and impropriety of US$16 Billion. This was as a result of the Asian financial crisis which made my father company
Amedeo development Corporation (ADC) and government owned Brunei Investment Agency (BIA) to be declared bankrupt during his tenure in office.PRINCE JEFRI BOLKIAH was relieved of his post as Finance Minister of Brunei and was stripped of his chairmanship post as head of the nation's international investment arm, the Brunei Investment Agency in .

The Agency controls 13 companies & Brunei's overseas assets. In 1998, SHEIK HAJI HASSANAL BOLKIAH barred trading by Amedeo Development Corporation when the world's biggest corporate debt of US$16 Billion came to light. In September the 1998, the Sultan ordered an investigation of the BIA by accountants KPMG after the Brunei government alleged that large sums of money" had been misappropriated to companies controlled by PRINCE JEFRI BOLKIAH.

The Sultan then asked the Bank of England to help track down an alleged 28 Billion British Pounds of state and family funds said to be "missing".PRINCE JEFRI BOLKIAH flew into Brunei from London in a private jet and was going to settle matters directly with SHEIK HAJI HASSANAL BOLKIAH. PRINCE JEFRI drove straight to his seaside palace at Jerudong, about 10 miles south of the capital, Bandar Seri Begawan.

He was due to meet with officials of the Amedeo Development Corporation and visit the sultan. After series of meetings relations between the Royals appeared to deteriorate quickly. However, my father was arrested, his Bank Accounts and private properties including a crude oil export refinery & three large oil wells which were later confiscated by the sultanate.During this
unfortunate period I was advised to evacuate my immediate family outside the sultanate to avoid further prosecution from the sultan and his security operatives.

Before I could do that I was placed under house arrest by SHEIK HAJI HASSANAL BOLKIAH. I and my children have being confined only to our country home and all our calls and movements are monitored, as a result, its absolutely impossible for me to do anything as regards retrieving the money.Before my arrest, I went ahead to dispatch the sum of US$1 Billion in cash under special arrangement into the custody of different Offshore Banks and Private security and
Trustee companies for safe keeping abroad. The amount accrued from the crude oil sales over this period of six years and these funds are fully free of any liens or encumbrances and are clean, clear and has no criminal origin.


The funds have nothing to do with any form of illegality and all documentations needed to prove the source of the funds were submitted when the funds were being deposited and these documents would prove the source of the funds and authenticate the fact that the funds are clean and has no links whatsoever with either drugs or terrorism.

The money where Deposited with a safe  eposit Company in United Kingdom from where they where splitted and dispatched into various Secured Bonded Warehouses in the following countries in this proportion: - US$50 Million is in England, US$60 Million is in Belgium, US$100 Million is in Spain, US$40 Million is in Saudi Arabia, US$80 Million is in United Arab Emirate and the balance US$170 Millions in  Malaysia while the balance of US$500 Million are in three(3) offshore Banks.I am unable to reach my friends & associates whom would have provided all the much needed moral and financial assistance I require to release the funds because my private/personal diary was seized by my uncle SHEIK HAJI HASSANAL BOLKIAH who also happens to be the Sultan of Brunei.

My only means of communication is via internet and you are being contacted because your assistance is needed in claiming the funds on my behalf.I seek your good will & assistance to receive and invest these funds into profitable business investment in your country to facilitate future survival for me and my family abroad. I am counting on your absolute transparency, honesty and confidentiality which this transaction deserves while looking forward to your prompt reply.

You are
requested to communicate your acceptance or otherwise of this proposal VIA EMAIL ADDRESS: princefaya@mynet.com after which we shall discuss in details the modalities for seeing this transaction through.If however, you are not disposed to assist, kindly destroy this letter in view of the confidentiality of the proposed project and interest of my personality involved.

Thank you in anticipation of your co-operation.
I await your Urgent Reply.


Best Regards,
HRH Prince Fayad H. Bolkiah
Brunei Darussalam
Prince Fayad H. Bolkiah 


