Subject:Greetings...........
Greetings,

How are you doing?
I am  Jonathan Crawford from the United Kingdom. I am a legal solicitor 
practicing in the field of family disputes and litigation, will and estate 
disputes (under the Inheritance Act 1975 applications).

Firstly, I must solicit your strictest confidence in regards to the subject 
matter. This is by virtue of it's nature as being utterly confidential. 
I am contacting you regarding the sum of 17 million dollars deposited by 

my deceased client at a safe vault in 2005.Following his unfortunate demise on August 8th 2007, a search was 
lunched to locate any surviving relative as none was filled in his testate. My efforts over the years proved futile. Sequel to the letter I received from the firm, the funds shall be declared unserviceable and rendered to the revenue department after a specified period of years, following the expiration of his eposit Contract.

My proposal is to present you as the sole beneficiary of these funds 
considering the lawyer-client relationship which restrict any claim by me. 
Therefore, I am contacting you in good fate, to work with me in receiving 
the sum. It will be much easier to establish a relationship between you 

and my late client being a foreigner residing outside the U.K. If this meets 
with your understanding, I shall provide all necessary legal assistance till the funds are released to us. Be rest assured there is no potential legal 
liabilities to this claim as I have everything under control. This will be 
executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you and I from 
any breach of the law.

I may be privileged to have this information, but I have decided upon 
completion of this project, we get 45% each and 10% to be donated to 
charities of our choice. Do affirm your willingness to cooperate with me 

and kindly provide your direct phone and fax numbers. If you have any 
uestion(s) or require further clarification, do not hesitate to contact me 
on my personal email:jonathan.crawford@gmx.com Phone number +442032397632

Looking forward to your earliest response.

Yours sincerely,
Jonathan Crawford
Legal Solicitor
Provision For Family and Dependents)

