Subject:Skye Financial Services Limited.....ATM CARD.....Date:26-11-2012 
Skye Bank Pcl.
Soi 3, Rachada Street,
Thailand, Bangkok.
26th Day of Nov 2012.                                    


Attention:

Good Day,

I am Mr. Prachapon chao, the Managing Director of the Skye Financial Services Limited.

After the swearing in of our new Prime Minister, (Mrs. Yingluck Shinawatra)on the 5th Day of August 2011, A meeting was held at the capital City of Thailand (Bangkok). The Purpose of the meeting was to address the spoiled image of our country, the United Nation was so concern about foreigners complaining about their contract /inheritance payment and also some Scam Victims, the government of Royal Thaiand has sign a Draft of the sum of US$3,000,000. 00 Three Million United States Dollars only to the Central Bank of Thailand to pay 100 victims the sum of US$3, 000, 000, 00.Three Million United States Dollars each.

Secondly,the meeting held with all banks including the central Bank Governor. Your name was listed and approved for this payment as one of the victims and our bank Sky Bank was among the listed bank to pay the Ten of you the sum of US$3, 000, 000, 00.Three Million United States each.

The Central Bank has issued us the cheque sum of US$3,000,000.00 Three Million United States Dollars. We have resolved in finding a solution to your problem, and as you may know, we have arranged your payment of US$3, 000, 000, 00.Three Million United States) through our ATM CARD (AUTOMATIC TELLER MACHINE) which shall be deliver to your door step , this is the instruction given by our New Prime Minister.(Mrs. Yingluck Shinawatra) Royal  Republic of Thailand. These include cash and frozen assess to compensate those who have been attempted or victims of fraud by some imposters/fraudsters in our Country Thailand.

This card centre will send you an ATM CARD which you will use to withdraw your money in an ATM MACHINE in any part of the world. But the maximum is ($15,000) Fifteen Thousand Us Dollars in three transactions per day. However, every other thing has been put in place for safe delivery of you ATM CARD to your Door step.

You are hereby advised to stop fast dealing with any one regards the issue of inheritance payment or any sort of or even some non-officials in the bank as this is an illegal act now and will have to stop if you so wish to receive your payment compensation immediately. So, if you like to receive your fund this way, you are advice to get back to me with the following information below to enable me get back to you quickly with full details on how to receive your card.

(1) Your Full Name
(2) Address where you want the payment center to send your ATM CARD
(3) Phone and Fax Number
(4) Agender

We shall be expecting to receive your information as you are advice stop any further communication with anybody or office.Lastly, in receipt of your email and information’s above, I shall forward your file to our Automated Teller Machine unit. On this regards, do not hesitate to contact me with the above mentioned information.

Best Regards,

Mr. Prachapon chao,
Managing Director,
Skye Financial Services Limited. 

