Subject:Criminal Investigation

Good Day,

I am  Inspector General Kola Benson, Head Of
National Security, Ghana Aviation , Kotoka International Airport Ghana.

On the 2th of June 2011,  Two Impersonator  were cut by my security surveillance at the Cargo Department Kotoka International trying to smuggle  Two Metallic Trunk Boxes through Ghana Exit. From our intense investigation inspection and screwing, The Two person were discoursed to be A Bank Manager and one Diplomatic Officer, trying to divert your funds to another person, using Ghana as an escape root. After our verification and inspection the Documents Backing these two trunk consignment Boxes are all in your name and the clearance and ownership Documents was change illegally from your name to Mr. Bruce Hancock, In Canada. To be very clear about the content, the two trunks were subjected to Altra Scan be sure that the boxes are not containing any terrorist Material. After the scanning has been conducted the result has shown the content of the boxes to be 10.5 million united state dollars bills Bank acceptable Money Spendable Cash.

The two gentle men are in our custody at the moment awaiting for preparation for Court for the law to take it course legally. How ever I have been appointed to make arrangement  for all the necessary legal shipment to the Rightful Beneficiary Owner.

At your receipt of this mail, kindly send to me the following
information’s as follows to enable us open a file with us. And to aid our security monitory of every bit of the shipment to your home delivery address without any further security Interference.

Full Name
Home delivery Address
Telephone Numbers
And a copy of your International Passport. For a proof of identity


PRIVACY ACT AND WORK REDUCTION  NOTICE;

For security reason, you are hereby advised to desist from any Business that involves magnitude of funds on this kind, as most practices are not honest in West Africa and already existing ones on track should be, every mail should be forward to my desk for adequate verification, investigation and to attest the geniality of it before authorization to proceed with.

Thank you very much for your co operation,

Anticipation your urgent response at your earliest convenient.

Respectfully Yours.
Inspector General Kola Benson
Best Regards




