Subject:CAN WE INVESTMENT 
Sir/Madam,

This is a Management Placement on behalf Mrs. Chung Hee- Ja, wife of Mr. Kim Woo Choong the founder and former chairman of the Daewoo Motors Group in South Korea who vocationally live here in Accra Ghana known as peaceful country  and have been my client for the past four  years.

I am Barr. A Williams and Co Legal advocate/Solicitor and owner of A Williams and Co, Associates Law Firm located in Accra Ghana and Mayfair UK. We officially consult for NGO's and companies on legal/allied issues, Family Law; Intellectual Property; Real Estate; Wills, Trusts and Tax. I have a legitimate contract job offer for you, I want to know if you have the ability, workforce and strength to help my client invest in the following sector real estate, hotel management/tourism, stock management and commercial agriculture in your country and get rewarded financially without affecting your convenience Upon her instruction, I am consulting on business grounds as she seeks for a reputable real estate firm, foreign partner or an individual that can assist with scouting of a well sited landed estate she can invest into outside Accra Ghana and  Manchester  UK or other lucrative sectors that can yield her good returns from her investment.

Most importantly, you will be required to inspect, monitor and close up transactions on our behalf because my phobia for flight will not grant me the privilege to travel down to your country or outside Accra Ghana for inspection but for transfer of paper work or pictures of the property, can be exchanged through email attachment of preferably fax so if you have any worthy property within your disposal or can help scout for any available valued landed property or estate preferably in your country Chung Hee- Ja Kim Choong is willing to reward you with 10% of the value of whatever you are able to wrap up as agent commission and for your partnership role as I have made it clear to her understanding that I was contacting you for this purpose.

Well I believe this is once in a life time opportunity for us to carve out an edge in exploring the vitals of your country real estate market and other lucrative sectors and your profession as it is your field or even outside your field once the venture is economic oriented, as my client is ready with down finances to invest, although she has declared the amount and value she wants to invest, but I for security reasons cannot disclose or make it known to you until I know your faith and have a proof of your ability to handle a transaction of such magnitude so you can kindly send me your work experience profile or any paper work that can justify the authenticity of your CV. If you prefer to be re-contacted for more express information, write
back promptly I look forward to it. I expect your correspondence as my response with more information on this profiting offer will be swift.

Yours faithfully
Barr. Akanbi Williams & Co


