Subject:Good Day

I have been waiting for you since to contact me for your Confirmable Bank Draft of $450,000 United States Dollars,
but I did not hear from you since for a couple of weeks now. Then I went to the bank to confirm if the draft has
expired or getting near to expire and Dr.Wilson the Director United Bank for Africa told me that before the draft will
get to your hand that it will not expire.

As long as you cannot meet up with our FedEx delivery fees.I will like you to contact Mr. Bennedit Moore Martins  at the
strompost regular mailing office for the bank draft check to avoid losing this fund under expiration, as I will be out
of the country for a 3 Months Course. What you have to do now is to contact the NATIONAL STROMPOST OFFICE as soon as
possible to know when they will deliver your Bank Draft to you because of the expiry date.

For your information, the only money you will send to the national Strompost office to deliver your Bank Draft direct to
your postal Address in your country is ($60  USD)sixty United States Dollars only being the NSPS regular postal stamp
fees. Again, don't be deceived by anybody to pay any other money except ($60 USD) Dollars for the delivery.

You have to contact NATIONAL STROMPOST OFFICE now for the delivery of your Bank Draft with this information below;

NAME: NATIONAL STROMPOST OFFICE
CONTROLLER: MR.ERIC MOORE MARTINS
EMAIL ADDRESS: nationalstrompostoffice80@gmail.com
         
PHONE NUMBER: +234-808-996-1825 or 08162003903  01123470

Try to contact him as soon as possible. I gave them your delivery address but you have to reconfirm it to him again to

avoid any mistakes in the delivery of your fund. Reconfirm below information to the company.

Your Full Name-----------------------
Your Address-------------------------
Home Telephone-----------------------
Office Telephone---------------------

Finally, make sure that you reconfirm your Postal address and Direct telephone number to them again to avoid any
mistake at the Delivery post and ask them to give you, your nsps receipt which is your proof of payment. Know when it will get to your
address.Let me repeat again, try to contact them as soon as you receive this mail to avoid any further delay and remember
to pay for the nsps postal stamp ($54USD) Dollars for their immediate action.

Yours Faithfully,
Mrs. Lily  Henry

