Subject:FedEx Express  
FedEx Nigeria Head Office
70 International Airport Road
Mafoluku, Lagos.

Tel +234-8062942732



Attention: Dear Valued Beneficiary,
CLAIM NOTIFICATION.

This is to notify you that your parcel is still 

in our possession, this parcel contained an 

International Cashier Bank Draft/Cheque worth 

the sum of $3,000 000.00(three million USA 

dollars only) and it is ready for delivery to 

your door step. Meanwhile, before the delivery 

or shipment will take place, you are advice to 

send to us the following data? mention below:

1.Your Name
2.Address
3.Telephone

The above requested information? will enable us 

deliver your parcel correctly without any 

mistake or delivering your parcel to a wrong 

person. Further more,
you might be asking yourself how comes this 

email, cheque or draft,Anyway, your cheque was 

brought to this office by a Lottery Fiduciary 

Agent Or Claim Agent, signifying that you area 

rightful winner to their Lottery Award selected 

randomly from 10 lucky email addresses which 

your email address is one of thelucky email 

address.FedEx courier service company mailing 

you as per your parcel that was brought to this 

company to be delivered to you by lottery 

groups, along the delivery process that brought 

a misunderstanding between you and the lottery 

claim agent and in regards of their request as 

per their insurance certificate cost, tax fee 

and lots of other universal cops and drug 

searches which happened to be the course of your 

parcel being pending for the past months/one 

year.

Meanwhile we are hereby happy to inform you that 

the FedEx Company has finalized and resolved the 

whole issued with the legal offices like the 

International Monetary of Funds(IMF),and the 

Internal Revenue Service(IRS) office, the 

company organization has also listed 24 valuable 

parcel? to be intact in their office after the 

released of the parcel? from universal cops and 

drug searches.

We are happy to inform you once again that your 

parcel that contains the sum of $3,000 000.00 is 

among the 24 parcel? listed which is now in our 

office and also with your name as the receiver 

despise that we lost your private residential 

address?, which is an indication that you can 

now re-send your residential address, telephone 

as stated above back to the FedEx company where 

your parcel can be delivered to you without 

hesitation.Meanwhile remember that the sender of 

this parcel to you that? the fiduciary agent 

still owes this company the sum of $50 before 

the incident occurs, Note that this fee is not 

just for delivery but with the immigration and 

customs stamp duty, this company has spend out 

of their incomes in the process by the 

recovering back your parcel?so dear customer we 

once again appreciate your patronage in our 

favor.

Without hesitations you are to pay for just the 

balance left by your sender since we have lost 

his contact. this payment have to be via western 

union money transfer with the below payment 

information so that your parcel can be delivered 

to your residential address before it accumulate 

a demurrage after one week only,as you know your 

parcel is not just an ordinary parcel but with a 

huge amount and I think you understand what I 

mean by accumulating a demurrage? Which you will 

not allow that to happen to your recovery parcel 

that almost gone if not for the love that the 

good God have for you by favoring you with his 

favor because it was God who did it not by your 

power but by the spirit say the lord.

We assure you that your parcel will arrive at 

your country in two days time and it will get to 

your door step the third day as soon as this 

company receive the balance left by your sender 

and the tracking number of your parcel will be 

sent to you via e-mail immediately so that you 

can track it yourself to see your parcel coming 

on the way and you will also know when it will 

arrive at your country because we operate in 

trust and loyalty in your favor.And also the 

FedEx Courier Service Company hereby inform all 

their customers through this media by 

eradicating alltheir communication with the scam 

mails that are going all-over the world be 

careful with their e-mails so that your parcel 

will not be in danger with their evil planes.

FedEx provides access to a growing global market 

place through a network of supply chain, 

transportation, business
and related information services.

PAYMENT INFORMATION FOR THE IMMIGRATION AND 

CUSTOMS STAMP DUTY CHARGES BEFORE DELIVERY 

EFFECT, FIND BELOW:

Receivers Name: Mr Daniel Gongoaso
Senders Name: ------------?
Text Question: BEST COLOUR
Answer: WHITE
Location; Maitama Abuja Nigeria.
MTCN Number... ???
Amount to be sent: $50us dollars.

Please you have to send the full payment 

information including the MTCN Number for we to 

fully proceed on your delivery FedEx is one of 

the world's great success stories, the start-up 

that revolutionized the delivery of packages and 

information. In the past 30 years, we've grown 

up and grown into a diverse family of companies 

as FedEx that bigger, stronger, better than 

ever.


E-mail: (peterbrown1701@aol.com) get back to Us 

With The Payment Of $50 dollars for the Customs 

and Immigration


Clearance and Stampt Duty So That We Can Proceed 

With The Delivery Today.

WAITING TO READ YOUR E-MAIL.
YOURS AFFECTIONATLY.
FEDEX COURIER MANAGING DIRECTOR..

MR PETER BROWN

