Subject:Your new credit card will be shipped to you shortly
Congratulations!
Apply for a REAL Visa® Credit Card!
Up to a $ 5,000.00 Secured Line of Credit!
Guaranteed Approval Regardless of your Credit History or Income!*

http://FREEAPPEARANCE.INFO/FIRSTOPTIONVISA

Even if you’ve been denied credit cards in the past, you can get a First
Option Visa® credit card from New Millennium Bank. 
The First Option Visa® credit card is designed especially for individuals 
who have been unable to get an unsecured credit card due to their poor
credit scores or limited credit histories.
Apply Now!

http://FREEAPPEARANCE.INFO/FIRSTOPTIONVISA

What are you waiting for?  Start your application now!  
It only takes 60 seconds to complete!
Click Here

http://FREEAPPEARANCE.INFO/FIRSTOPTIONVISA

*Patriot Act Disclaimer: The USA PATRIOT ACT is a Federal law that requires
all financial institutions to obtain, 
verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an
account. 
You will be asked to provide your name, address, date of birth, and other
information that will allow us to identify you. 
You may also be asked to provide documentation as proof of identification. 
"No Turndowns" and "Guaranteed Approval" is contingent upon successfully
passing this mandatory identification confirmation. 
This offer is void where prohibited and available to those 18 years and
older. 
Some offers will require that you have a valid checking account, and/or be
currently employed. 
Please see website for full details and terms and conditions of each
special offer. 
If you have any questions in regards to this offer please write to us at: 
New Millennium Bank Marketing Agency 2 Wisconsin Circle, Suite 700 
Chevy Chase, MD 20815 Attn: Customer Care.

This email was sent by a third party on behalf of New Millennium Bank. 
New Millennium Bank does not have your email address. 
To stop email regarding this ad only visit this site 
http://FREEAPPEARANCE.INFO/FIRSTOPTIONVISAREMOVE
or contact New Millennium Bank Marketing Agency 
2 Wisconsin Circle, Suite 700 
Chevy Chase, MD 20815 Attn: Customer Care.



