Subject:FROM: MS CARMAN L BILL........UNITED NATIONS OFFICE 
UNITED NATIONS OFFICE Under-Secretary- General for Internal Oversight

From: Ms. Carman L Bill

To:Fund Beneficiary

This is to inform you that I came to Nigeria yesterday from America,
after series of complains from the FBI and other Security agencies
from Asia, Europe, Oceania, Antarctica, South America and the United
States of America respectively, against the Federal Government of
Nigeria and the British Government for the rate of scam activities
going on in these two nations.

I have met with President Good luck Jonathan of Nigeria who claimed
that he has been trying his best to make sure you receive your fund in
your account.

Right now, as directed by our secretary general Mr. Ban Ki-Moon, We
are working in collaborations with the Nigerian Economic and Financial
Crime Commission (EFCC) and have decided to waive away all your
clearance fees/Charges and authorize the Government of Nigeria to
effect the payment of your compensation of an amount of Ten million
Five Hundred Thousand us dollars $10.5Million approved by both the
British government and the United Nations into your account without
any delay. The only fee you will pay in receiving of your fund is your
Notarization fee to the UN Agent in Nigeria.

choose Payment option (1) ATM Visa Card, (2)Bank to bank transfer (3)
Certified Bank Draft (4) by cash delivery to your doorstep. You are to
choose one of the options which will be convenience for you as stated
clearly above.

Full Name:
Address:
Tel. Number:
E-Mail Address:
Occupation:
Age:
A copy of your ID CARD: .......

Sincerely, you are a lucky person because I have just discovered that
some top Nigerian and British Government Officials are interested in
your fund and they are working in collaboration with Barrister Smith
One Nicholas Giles to frustrate you and thereafter divert your fund
into their personal account.

I have a very limited time to stay in Nigeria here so I would like you
to urgently respond to this message so that I can advise you on how
best to confirm your fund in your account within the next 72 hours and
Your response is expected within 7 working days of receiving this
notice.Sign by the UN Secretary General Mr. Ban Ki-Moon Note: contact
me on my privet email mscarmanlbill@sify.com for urgent attention

Sincerely yours,
Ms. Carman L Bill
United Nations Under-Secretary-
General for Internal Oversight

