Subject:New work


Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
We have found your information at CareerBuilder.com but unfortunately I wasn't able to reach you over the phone. My name is Geoff 
Maxwell, I'm a HR manager at S&E Sales Corporation. I'd like to offer you a position in our company. 
 
We are looking for a motivated individual who loves to work in a fast paced environment to be our representative. The ideal 
candidate must be able to organize and complete a diverse set of administrative tasks and follow-up different transactions, handle 
client service issues, maintain calendar, organize and maintain client information, managing reporting systems, send out 
correspondence and various other administrative duties. 
 
Our company is one of the most prestigious manufacturers of exclusive jewelry production in Western Europe. S&E Production 
differs by uniqueness of each product and makes them individually for each client. 
 
Working with us you will get:  
- material bonuses; 
- work in one of the best team in Europe; 
- help & support in opening credits with a minimal percent; 
- challenging experience in the most perspective field of e-business with great future career possibilities. 
  
This position offers you the opportunity to enjoy the flexibility afforded by working from home and provides you with a high 
degree of autonomy over your hours and work schedule.  Our team will provide you with the necessary training to ensure success in 
this position and the opportunity for growth and advancement. 
 
We also provide medical insurance and an annual salary of $50,400/year + bonuses. The salary is paid monthly. 
 
If you have kids then you'll receive additional income. The contract is rather flexible so if you wish to alter some clause. 
 
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to ask them by e-mail. We would like to point out that this job may become a 
good additional employment for you. You may have a primary employment or a running business and still cooperate with us because 
this job would not take a lot of your time. 
 

I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon. Thanks for your interest, please e-mail me back to:  gffmaxwell51@gmail.com
 
Geoff Maxwell, Project Manager 
S&E Sales Corporation


