Subject:Allied Irish Bank Overdue Payment.
From:Mr.Y. Cheong, 
Allied Irish Bank(GB) 
Leicester Office,United Kingdom. 
Email:jcheong4@jmail.co.za 


Attention:Beneficiary, 


I am Mr. Y. Cheong and i work with Allied Irish Bank GB Leicester Office.I feel quite safe dealing with you in this business proposition although,this medium(Internet)has been greatly abused,I choose to reach you through it because it still remains the fastest,surest and most secured medium of communication.However,this Correspondence is unofficial and private, and it should be treated as such.I wish to inform you that this letter is not a hoax or Scam mail and I urge you to treat it with the seriousness it deserves. I also guarantee you that this deal is hitch free from all what you may think of.I am Mr. Y. Cheong,Manager Allocation Department(Allied Irish Bank GB)Leicester Office.My office monitors and controls the affairs of all banks and financial institutions here in United Kingdom concerned with foreign claim payments.My office has the final signatory to any transfer or remittance of huge funds moving within banks both on the local and international levels in line with foreign 
claim settlement. 


I have before me list of funds, which could not be transferred to some nominated accounts as these accounts have been identified either as ghost accounts, unclaimed deposits and over-invoiced sum etc. Your Name was among the people expecting the funds to be transferred into their account, on this note; I wish to have a deal with you as regards to your unpaid funds and I have your file before me and hope your data's are correct and un-tampered unless you reconfirm it not correct and As it is my duty to recommend the transfer of these surplus funds to the British Government Treasury and Reserve Accounts as unclaimed deposits,I have the opportunity to write you based on the instructions received two days ago from the Foreign Debts Reconciliation Dept to submit the List of payment reports/expenditures and audited reports of revenues.Among several others, I have decided to present you as the Next of Kin/Will Beneficiary to an overdue inheritance sum of £9.7M belonging to our Late client M
argret R. Eich of Hamburg


Following my idea that we can have a deal/agreement and I am going to do this legally with your name as the bonafide beneficiary of the amount in question by employing the service of a uk accredited attorney, who will handle all the legal documentations and lay claims through his legal authority on your behalf.Listen 50% of this money will be for you,in respect to the provision of a foreign account and 50% would be for me as have planned to come to your Country as soon as the transfer is completed. 


My Conditions: 


1) The sum of £9.7M only will be transfer into your account after the processing of all relevant legal documents with your name as the bonfide beneficary,the transfer will be made by telegraphic Transfer(T/T),conformable in 7 working days. 


2)This deal must be kept secret forever, and all correspondence will be strictly by email/telephone, for security purposes. 


3)There should be no third parties as most problem associated with your fund release are caused by your agents or representative. If you Agree with my conditions,i will advise you on what to do immediately and the transfer will commence without delay as I will proceed to fix your name on the Payment schedule instantly to meet the 7 working days mandate. 


I hope you don't reject this offer and have this fund transferred. 


Waiting for your reply soon. 


Yours Faithfully, 
Mr. Y. Cheong.
