Subject:GOOD DAY
Good day 

My name is  Steve Morgan and I work with the finance house here in  London. I found your address through my countries international Web directory. During our last meeting and examination of the bank accounts here in the Netherlands, my department found a dormant account with an enormous sum of US$ 6,500,000.00 (Six million five hundred thousand US dollar) which was deposited by late Mr. Williams from England.

Before his death he transferred the sum of US$ 6,500,000.00 (Six million five hundred thousand US dollar) to a bank here in LONODN. From our investigation he had no beneficiary or next of kin to claim these funds.

Because of our financial house regulations only one foreigner can stand as next relatives or next of kin. The request of a foreigner as a next of kin is base on the fact that the depositor was a foreigner and somebody in the Netherlands cannot stand as the next of kin.
I need your permission as the next relative or next of kin of our deceased customer, so that the funds can be released and transferred to your account, at the end of the transaction 40% will be for you and 60% will be for me and my colleague.

We need a foreign account. I still work at the financial house and that's the actual reason that I need a second party or person, to stand and work with me and apply to the bank here in the Netherlands as the next of kin. I have in my possession all the necessary documents to have this transaction carried out successfully.

Further information will be provided upon the receipt of your prompt response and I want you to know that there is no risk involved. I will need us to work together if you are interested and I assure you that I will provide all useful information and documentation as this business needs urgent attention as there is no much time to waste.
Kindly Write me directly with your Name, Address, telephone and fax number on this email: steveemorgan03@gmail.com  so I can explain the procedures.

Regards

Steve Morgan

