Subject:Fraud Alert
SOUTH AFRICA Anti-Fraud Unit
..we fight against fraud, funds delay and impersonation..
***24HRS SERVICE ***

Attn: Beneficiary,

This letter will definitely be amazing to you because of its realistic value. Sorry for the inconveniences that was rendered to you in your line with your payment transaction with some unscrupulous people some while ago. I know you will be surprised by this correspondence, but firstly I will like to introduce myself, I am Mr. Shauket Fakie the Legal chairman of South Africa's Anti-Fraud Unit.

In October 1997, Cabinet noted that consultation with existing anticorruption agencies in government to reduce fragmentation was necessary in the ongoing fight against corruption.  A year later, the Public Sector anticorruption Conference resolved that Government should explore the need for a co-ordination structure while improving and strengthening the role of existing agencies.

Hence the initiation of a national audit of the relevant state agencies involved in combating corruption which is duly registered under the United Nations (U.N.O). This particular commission was initiated to detect fraud/funds delay/impersonation of government officials. Secondly, are mandated by the US government to settle foreign debts/fraud victims/un-paid beneficiaries to satisfactory in other to maintain peace in the world at large and also to create a good relationship with the international bodies.

Presently, we are being paid by the American government in other to avert beneficiary funds delays/fraud here in South Africa. You are being contacted by this office today dated (9, Dec, 2012) because your case file (C) is the third file on our settlement filing cabinet. From our intelligent investigations and probing processes we discovered that you are a victim of fraud/funds delay.

I am faithfully under this governance as the legal chairman of the great commission and to this authority I took an oath of allegiance to settle all fraud victims peacefully.

This memorandum is to notify you that you will be settled by the South African government from our initial deposit account. Thus your settlement will be actualized within 3 working days after your response to this official letter.

For further clarifications kindly to us immediately as your immediate compliance to this will expedite actions on your payment because here in this office, we have a lot of on the list to be settled.

Officially Signed,
Mr. Shauket Fakie.
Chairman
South Africa Anti-Fraud Unit.

