Subject:Urgent Business Proposal
Dear: Friend,

Compliments of the day,before I introduce myself, I wish to inform you that this letter is not a hoax mail and I urge you to treat it serious.
I would have given you a call, but rather I decided to contact you via an email to get us acquainted since it is a safer way of private communication.

I am Barrister  Pamela Johnson a personal Lawyer and a legal adviser/officer to a great late industrialist who died in auto crash with his wife and only
daughter,5years ago. He has an account in one of the top banks here in London United Kingdom and during the course of his bank's last week auditing,
it was discovered that since his death no one has come forward to lay claims to his funds.So the bank issued me a memo to provide his next of kin or forfeit
the funds. It has been five years now, since he died in the year 2007 and nobody has operated on his account.

After going through some old files in my records, I discovered that my late client died without a {WILL},hence the money is floating and if I do not remit
this money out urgently it will be forfeited for nothing as the bank was sold on Monday,9th July 2012 to another bank.Currently, the present management of
the bank is at the point of finalizing all transactions before fully handling over to the new management which is an added advantage to perfect this transaction.
These funds will be released to any foreigner with the accurate information of the account which will be made known to you immediately you signify your interest
to execute this transaction with me. No other person knows about this account or anything concerning it as the account has no other beneficiary and my investigation
proved to me as well that the account is a secret account.

As a matter of fact, I have decided to transfer this money into a safe foreigner's account abroad for investment but i don't know any foreigner, hence I am
contacting you as a foreigner because the management of the bank will welcome any foreigner who has correct information to this account which I will give you
immediately, if you are interested to do this business with me. I am revealing this to you with believe in God that you will never let me down in this business.
The said amount is £17.3Million,{Seventeen Million,Three Hundred Thousand Pounds} so  I must solicit your strictest confidence in this transaction. This is by virtue
of its nature as being utterly confidential I am sure and have confidence of your ability and reliability to prosecute a transaction of this great magnitude.

I solicit your assistance to enable us transfer the said amount into your safe account for onward investment.You can either provide us with an existing account or
to set up a new bank account immediately to receive this money, even an empty bank account can serve to receive this money, as long as you will remain honest to me
till the end for it is important business trusting in you and believing that you will never let me down either now or in future.As soon as I hear from you, and upon
your strong assurance that you will not let me down once the fund goes into your account I will then start to process the transfer of the fund to your account without
further delay if interested please do not hesitate to contact me. The fund will share as follow,50% for me, 40% for you and 10% for any cost that may come up inprocess
of  transferring the fund to your nominated bank account. Meanwhile I will like you to get back to me with the following informations below,so that we can proceed.

1). Full Name: 2). Sex: 3). Age: 4). Country: 5). Passport / Driving License:
6). Marital Status: 7). Occupation: 8). Mobile Number 9). Fax Number:

Thanks and be blessed, please do not hesitate to get back to me immediately you read this mail for discussion and further explanation.

Yours Faithfully,
Barrister Pamela Johnson.

