Subject:ATTN.YOUR FUN AS BEING RELEASE...
UNITED NATIONS OFFICE OF INTERNATIONAL OVERSIGHT SERVICES
Internal Audit, Monitoring, Consulting and Investigations Division

From: Mr.John Benson

This is to inform you that I came to Nigeria yesterday from London, after series of complains from the FBI and other Security agencies from Asia, Europe, Oceania, Antarctica, South America and the United States of America respectively, against the Federal Government of Nigeria and the British Government for the rate of scam activities going on in these two nations.

I have met with President Goodluck Jonathan of Nigeria who claimed that he has been trying his best to make sure you receive your fund in an ATM CARD which you can use to withdraw money from any ATM MACHINE CENTER anywhere in the world with a maximum of $10,000 to $9000 United States Dollars daily. You now have the lawful right to claim your fund in an ATM CARD. .

Right now, as directed by our secretary general Mr. Ban Ki-Moon, We are working in collaborations with the Nigerian Economic and Financial Crime Commission (EFCC) and have decided to waive away all your clearance fees/Charges and authorize the Government of Nigeria to effect the payment of your compensation of an amount of $10.5M approved by both the British government and the UN into your ATM MASTER CREDIT CARD without any delay. The only fee you will pay to confirm your fund delivered to your doorstep is your Neutralization fee to the UN.The Neutralization fee is $285 only, As soon as you receive this email just get back to me with the needed information and also get ready the $285 and I will forward to you the details on how to send it as soon as i receive the information needed from you.

Sincerely, you are a lucky person because I have just discovered that some top Nigerian and British Government Officials are interested in your fund and they are working in collaboration with One Mr. Richard Graves from USA to frustrate you and thereafter divert your fund into their personal delivery address.

Get back to us with your information,

Full Names:
Country:
Direct Number:
Current occupation:
Gender:
Identification card:

Contact Via: bensonmrjohn@yahoo.com

I have a very limited time to stay in Nigeria here so I would like you to urgently respond to this message so that I can advise you on how best to confirm your fund within the next 72 hours.


Sincerely yours,
Mr.John Benson.

