Subject:
My Dearest


  Greeting to you my dear Brothers and Sisters the good people of this planet
earth,i am writing to you this e-mail not to disturb you but to ask for an
assistant based on my personality, and my present condition in life, particular
what i intend doing for CHARITY.
I am Mrs. Christy Walton a widow and businesswoman, an American Citizen.
The intention of this email is to employ the expertise of a Charity minded
individual, who can identify a viable and guarantee reasonable
distribution of my wealth to the needy, i worth $ 22.5 billion Dollars which rated
me as the 2nd Richest Woman in the World.

As the going says Money is not everything on earth, is painful now to let the world
now know my present condition as a cry for help I have been suffering from a Heart
disease for the passed 22 years now, few weeks ago my Doctors in America told me I
have few months to live due to my critical condition. and my Will been with my
Lawyer which my Family is aware about, but no body is aware about the 40% of my
Bank Worth which is $9,000,000,000 (Nine Billion United State Dollars).
I intend to give to CHARITY because have not seen anybody from my Family, Relations
and Friends, whom i trust can help me out, because i always have this DREAM to help
CHARITY and i have always promise my self that i most do this very big at my end
time to CHARITY, can i please trust you to help me Donating to CHARITY Organization
this heavy amount of Money, because i have few Months left to die, as I am writing
you this email i am full of Tears as I await my calling from God.

Please reply me back with your below details to enable us proceed further and
please keep this confidential.

1. Full Name:...........
2. Telephone Numbers:......
3. Your Age:....
4. Your Sex:............
5. Your Occupation:..........
6. Your Country:...........
7. City: ...........
8. Your Home Address: .........
9. Marital Status: ............
God Bless You.

Mrs. Christy Walton
Email :christywallt@hotmail.com
http://www.headlinegrabber.com/C/Christy-Walton/


