Subject:Merry Christmas and Happy New Year
 
Dear Friends,

We are THANKFUL for each of you and wish all a Very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. As we celebrate Christmas we think of the greatest gift ever given to mankind that of Jesus who’s birth we celebrate and rejoice in the Salvation through Him.  What a joy it has been to serve Him throughout the year and to prepare to continue serving Him as doors of opportunity are opened.

With the closing of this year it has been a year of many challenges for Mission Harvest America. We were able to continue to operate on a scaled down schedule that allowed us to finish the year with Hurricane Sandy support in the NY and NJ areas, our final shipments will be into TN/KY/WV to areas affected by the storm.   We still need to send one container to Haiti for the Hurricane relief effort there.  Over 430,000 pounds of materials have been donated which includes Sandy Relief, Medical Mission in Tennessee, Medical Supplies to Nigeria and Honduras, relief supplies to Haiti, support to area churches and missions helping homeless veterans and more. We continue to mail care packages to deployed troops with 62,318 mailed since desert storm. 

We are amazed for over 21 years of mission service, the Lord has allowed Mission Harvest America to help so many in local communities, across the USA from the southern states to the northeast areas and into the mid-west states with disaster relief and humanitarian aid.  Beyond our borders we provided disaster aid and humanitarian aid through mission agencies and national churches to some 70 countries. 

Letters and reports come in from the many areas we have aided of their appreciation for the support.   We want to help when and where possible.  The Lord willing, I plan to make a short term Mission Trip to Haiti in the latter part of February.  We need to take a team to start the work on the land we have north of Port-au-Prince where we have a vision to build a Pre and Post Natal Clinic with an infant orphanage and then add a middle and high school later.  Our first effort will be to build the block wall around the property for security.   If you are interested in going to help or help others to go then please contact me as soon as possible.

Your donations are needed to help Mission Harvest remain as a vital part of disaster relief and humanitarian aid global network.  We urgently need to raise $15,500 to close out this year.   One major concern is our two forklifts status and servicing needed, $2000 is needed to resolve the problems and restore the units to good working order.  Without the operational equipment our abilities are greatly hampered.  We need to raise the $15,500 by the end of December.  This amount is urgently needed to cover our costs of the current Hurricane Relief Effort and to continue our outreach efforts.  

With the end of the year tax write off this would be a good source for your funds as we help others.   A copy of our IRS Letter of Determination for donation purposes is available on request.

Could you sponsor MHA for our normal daily cost of operation is $425.00 per day, or perhaps join our 52 Club.  Commit to support MHA for $1 a week for 52 weeks.   That is just $52 a year, or $26 for 6 months, or $13 for 3 months.  If each person or organization we have aided over the years would join our 52 Club then all of our needs would be met.

GIVE YOUR BEST - whatever amount the Lord leads you to give.  MHA needs your support now to remain alive as a ministry that serves others.

For those who give regular or wish to give more, may we please encourage you do so now.  Help us urgently needed.  We are nearing the end of the year and tax time will come sooner that you think.  Perhaps now is a good time to see how much you can give to help Mission Harvest and also increase your tax deduction.
	
Mission Harvest America, Inc.
5589 Commonwealth Ave
Jacksonville, FL 32254
904-353-2022

Please note our new mailing address.  In an effort to economize we are moving to a smaller facility which better serves our needs and reduces our facility expenses by 40% and gives us more flexibility with a loading dock which we did not have at the Copeland address.  Please pray about this move that all goes smooth.
 
As you celebrate Christmas please keep in mind that Christ is the reason for the season and let your adoration of Him be the foremost in your thoughts and activities.  Thank you to all of you that have stood with us in prayer.  We know that is the only reason we have weathered the storm of financial need over these past six months.  Please continue to pray.

In Christ,

Dewey & Clara
Dewey and Clara Painter 


This message was sent to joan@restavekfreedom.org from:
Dewey Painter | 4910 Bulls Bay Highway | Jacksonville, FL 32219

Manage Your Subscription:
http://app.icontact.com/icp/mmail-mprofile.pl?r=29096457&l=4234&s=53H6&m=208392&c=807060




