Subject:---- Secret Shopper®   *** Shop-you are qualified!!! No start off fees is required!!!-----

Mystery Shopping Providers Association® (MSPA) is accepting applications for qualified individuals to become mystery shoppers. Its fun and rewarding, and you choose when and where you want to shop. You are never obligated to accept an assignment. There is no charge to become a shopper and you do not need previous experience. After you sign up, you will have access to training materials via e-mail, fax or postal mail.

ABOUT US

Secret Shopper® is the  premier mystery shopping company, serving clients across America and Canada with over 5,000,000 available shoppers, ready to help businesses better serve their customers. Continual investment in the latest internet and communication technologies coupled with over 16 years of know-how means working with Secret Shopper®.

Mystery shopping, as seen on ABC NEWS, NBC NEWS, L.A.TIMES, Stores and Organizations such as Gap, Wal-Mart, Pizza Hut, and Banks  pay for Secret Shoppers to shop in their establishments and report their experiences.

On top of being paid for shopping you are also allowed to keep purchases for free. Training, tips for improvement, and shopping opportunities are provided free to registered shoppers. Mystery shoppers are either paid a pre-arranged fee for a particular shop, a reimbursement for a purchase or a combination of both.

The survey involves you patronizing Western Union Outlets and Restaurants in your area as a customer make a transaction at the Western Union Outlets and Restaurant with the funds sent to you via postal money orders and you will be paid $200 for each assignment. You are to write a report on the customer services and you send via Email. We shall provide you with some pointers to prepare your report and give us adequate feedback on your overall customer experience by filling a simple online questionnaire

Kindly fill out the application form below and we will get back to you shortly with your first assignment:

FULL NAME...
CONTACT ADDRESS... (PLS NO PO BOX ADDRESS)...................
CITY: ...............
STATE: .............
ZIP CODE: ................
TELEPHONE NUMBER: ...................
MOBILE NUMBER: ......................
OCCUPATION: ........................
EMAIL: ...........................
HAVE YOU DONE THIS BEFORE (Yes or No):

FILL OUTYOUR REQUIRED SURVEY LOCATIONS:
Wal-Mart Store Location:
Western Union Location:
                                    
So we can look at your distance from the locations which you have to put your service, and your address would also be needed to process for payments.

Shop-you are qualified!!!
No start off fees is required!!!
Must be above 18years old!!!
Must be computer literate!!!
Must be very honest and committed!!!
Please note that this is a part time job!!!

