Subject:TREAT AS URGENT
Sanni Namadi & CO.
Barrister & Solicitors,
Sanni  Chambers,
Suite 6, 3rd Floor,
118 Walter Carrington Street, Lagos Island.
P.O.Box 75519,
Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria.
 
Dear Beneficiary,
 
Before I start, I must first apologize for this unsolicited mail to you.I am aware that this is certainly an unconventional approach to establishing a relationship, but you will realize the reason for my action after going through this email.I am Barrister Sanni Namadi a solicitor at law. 

I am the personal attorney to Late Mark Robinson . I got your impressive information after a Conscious search for a reliable and matured mind that has all it takes to execute this project.I was elated when I saw your address, and I picked a keen interest with confidence to solicit for your help in executing this opportunity.However,I was moved to contact you based on the present situation of this opportunity,which I may say, is a God given offer.

There was a foreigner who lived here in NIGERIA some time ago; he is called Mark Robinson by name,until his death.I was his Personal Attorney, unfortunately Mark
Robinson  died with his wife and their two kids in a Local Plane Crash at Kano State, which en route  from sokoto to Abuja (the capital city of Nigeria), all occupants in the Plane lost their lives, unfortunately on this same flight were other dignitaries like the  former Nigeria SportsMinister and a host of others.The following websites could  be referenced:
 
Please go through the website.
http://www.usafricaonline.com/ngrkanocrash.html
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/1968616.stm
 
Owing to his death, his bank called on me for a meeting as regards his Account Balance with the bank, being h is attorney till the time of his death, I was told to come up with any of his relatives to come and  claim  the money, tried all I could to trace his family, but all my efforts proved abortive.Since January this year till date, the bank has been asking me to look for his family because they realize that a lot of people have been trying  to claim the money as his next of kin, but after verification, It is found out  that those people are not really his next of kin, because they cannot provide any  legal evidence to prove that they are his relative.Hence, I  have decided to use you as his next of kin to claim the money as it happens  that none of his relatives will ever appear to claim the funds, besides I  have all his documented memo  in my possession,which will back you up before the  bank as his next of kin .
 
I have the logistics to make your name to be that you are the rightful next of kin to the deceased and as well as the beneficiary of the funds. The amount involved is $US28.5Million Dollars. As regards to that, I will like you to furnish me with the following information, which I will use to secure  the legal documents.
 
1). FULL NAMES
2). COMPLETE CONTACT ADDRESS
3). CONTACT PHONE NUMBER
4). FAX NUMBER
5). OCCUPATION
6). AGE
7). Sex
 
As soon as I receive your information, I will forward an application for account closures to which you will submit to the concerned bank as his next of kin. Be rest assured that, there is no risk involved as I have perfected and made the necessary arrangements to back you up in claiming the funds. I will want you to regard this deal as being highly confidential because this  business as transaction demands a high level of secrecy as the bank does not know that I am involved in the deal.if interested in the transaction and to enable me feed you with more  information, then do all you can to  furnish me with  all the needed information's stated above.
 
Thanks for your anticipated co-operation as I await your reply. Reply
through my alternative: (barr.sanninamadilawchambers@gmail.com)
 
Best Regards,

Barrister SANNI NAMADI
PP: SANNI NAMADI M.C


