Subject:RE: CONTACT VITAL FINANCE FOREIGN PAYMENT WESTERN UNION FOR YOUR
 UNCLAIMED FUND
We wish to inform you that Federal Ministry of Finance and Federal High
Court Benin Has instructed Vital Finance Western Union Section to transfer
your unclaimed sum of $1.500.000 through Western Union Transfer Service.
For easier remittance of your inherited funds without further delay. Since
you was unable to receive your fund through other offices in Africa due to
their management but now we have sent your full compensation payment
through Western Union. You will receive 5.000.00 per day.

We have verified your payment file and your name is in the list of
outstanding fund beneficiaries to receive their payment at this First
quarter, as matter of fact, you are required urgently to contact foreign
department western union office for immediate processing of your payment
as schedule on your inheritance fund.

If there is any office you have been communicating with in the past, be
very careful to avoid been a victim to all this internet fraud that are
impersonating people.

You are required to comply with Western Union payment office to enable
them proceed with the preliminary arrangements for
immediate release of your first (5.000.00) Per day.

Vital finance western union
Contact person: Mr. Gilbert T. Ronald
Email westernunion_83@yahoo.co.id
C/245 Plot zone 6 Agbojedo Califo
Phone +229-98 48 17 16.

Western Union payment center has been mandated to issue out your payment
and you have to stop any further communication with other person or office
to avoid any hitches in receiving your payment. Be advice to contact the
above information to avoid any hitch and bear it in mind that this is from
Ecowas in Africa. You will not receive your first transfer until the
endorsement of your transfer documents which is $75.00 only.

Below is the receiver's name you will send the $75.00 to them through
western union or money gram

Receiver's name, Augustine Uchenu
City, Cotonou
Country, Benin Republic
Zip Code, 00229
Test question, A
Answer B

Send your details information as listed below for the processing of your
payment:

Receiver name, Country, State, City, phone number and zip code.

Comply now because as soon as you sent this required details to the above
email data they will process your payment of $5,000.00 by western union
money transfer.

Thanks
Mr. Samuel Benson


