Subject:My Last Wish.{USE IT FOR CHARITY & ORPHANAGE}...
Dear beloved one in Christ,

I know that this letter may be a very big surprise to you, I came across your email contact from my personal search and I instructed the doctor here in this hospital to help me email you and I believe that you will be honest to fulfill my final wish before I will die.

I am Mrs. Mariam Edward from Kalispel, Montana, United State of America but presently in United Kingdom, and I am 69 years old, suffering from a long time cancer of the breast. From all indication my condition is really deteriorating, and my doctors have courageously advised me that I may not live beyond the next two months; this is because the cancer stage has gotten to a critical stage.  I was brought up in a motherless baby’s home, and was married to my late husband Johnson Whitaker for twenty years without a child.

My husband and I are true Christians, we lived all lives in United Kingdom, since he was working here as a contractor, but quite unfortunately that he died in a fatal motor accident. Since his death I decided not to re-marry and because of my bad stage of health, I sold all my inheritance and deposited all the total sum of $12.8million dollars with a bank here in the United Kingdom.

Presently this money is still in the Bank, and the management of the Bank just wrote me as the Legitimate beneficiary to come forward to receive the money after keeping it for so long or rather issue a letter of authorization to somebody to receive it on my behalf since I can not come over as a result of my illness, or they get it confiscated. I’m with a laptop in a hospital where I have been undergoing treatment which i use with the assistance of the nurses and my doctor around. I have since lost my ability to talk properly and my doctors have told me that I have only a few months to live.

It is my last wish to see that this my hard earn money is invested in any organization of your choice and distributed each year among the  charities organization, the poor and the motherless babies home where I came from. I want your good humanitarian, to also use this money to fund churches, orphanages and widows within your reach.

I must let you know that this was a very hard decision, but I had to take a bold step towards this issue because I have no further option, I hope you will help see my last wish come true.

As soon as I receive your reply I shall give you the contact of the Bank in United Kingdom. I will also issue a letter of authority to the bank, which will prove that you are the new beneficiary of my funds. Please assure me that you will act accordingly as I stated herein. Hope to hear from you soonest and the peace of they Lord be with you and your family.

Your dying sister in Christ.

Mrs. Mariam Edward



