Subject:[Chelsea] TOCFCWS match report Media clips & Opta stats - PL -
	Liverpool [H] 111112
CHELSEA 1 LIVERPOOL 1
Terry 19  Suarez 72

Referee Howard Webb
Attendance 41,627

Chelsea (4-2-3-1): Cech; Azpilicueta, Ivanovic, Terry (c) (Cahill 39),
Bertrand; Mikel, Ramires; Mata, Oscar (Moses 76), Hazard; Torres
(Sturridge 81)
Unused subs Turnbull, Ferreira, Romeu, Marin
Booked Mikel 78

Liverpool (3-4-1-2): Jones; Wisdom, Carragher, Agger; Johnson, Allen,
=DEahin (Suso 59), Enrique; Gerrard (c); Sterling, Suarez
Unused subs Gulacsi, Coates, Henderson, Downing, Cole, Assaidi
Booked Allen 49, Johnson 55, Gerrard 66


Sky videos
http://www1.skysports.com/football/live/match/267540/video
Di Matteo rues missed chances [Video2m 46s]
Roberto Di Matteo believes Chelsea paid the price for not taking their
chances in the first half
Rodgers delighted with point [Video 3m 35s]
Brendan Rodgers was delighted with his side's performance after they
took a point away from their trip to Stamford Bridge
Redknapp: Terry suffers knee injury [Video 2m 59s]
John Terry returned to action after his four-match ban for racism but
his day was cut short when he collided with Luis Suarez

Di Matteo laments missed Chelsea chances after Liverpool draw [Video 2m
38s]
http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/20292045
Roberto di Matteo laments Chelsea's missed opportunities after Liverpool
fought back to secure a 1-1 draw at Stamford Bridge. The Chelsea manager
also credits Petr Cech's excellent "goalkeeping action" for denying Luis
Suarez a second goal as the game drew to a close, with the Czech rushing
off his line to nick the ball from the on-rushing Liverpool striker's
feet. Club captain John Terry opened the scoring with a header on 20
minutes before being stretched off the pitch following an accidental
collision with Suarez, and Di Matteo confirms his captain will need a
scan at hospital on Monday to determine the extent of his injuries.

Brendan Rodgers credits players for comeback at Chelsea [Video 3m 38s]
http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/20292044
Brendan Rodgers says Liverpool's comeback to draw 1-1 at Chelsea owed
more to his players' attitude than his own tactical adjustments. The
Liverpool manager believes his side were too "slow" in the first half
and changed their formation at half time, leading to a much-improved
performance after the break. John Terry opening the scoring with a free
header on 20 minutes before Luis Suarez equalised with his sixth goal in
six games, meaning the Uruguayan has now found the net in four
successive Premier League away matches

Carragher pleased with point after Chelsea draw [Video 2m 51s]
http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/20292046
Jamie Carragher believes Liverpool's 1-1 draw with Chelsea at Stamford
Bridge is a "good result" for the team. The central defender reveals
manager Brendan Rogers had told the side they had been too "tentative"
during his half-time team talk, inspiring the side to fight back to earn
a point - their sixth draw of the campaign. Carragher's flick-on led to
Luis Suarez's equaliser, with the Uruguayan now having scored six goals
away from home, the most of any Premier League player so far this season


TOCFCWS MATCH REPORT Sun 11 Nov 2012

Summary
An early header from John Terry, who would later be carried off on a
stretcher, was not enough for all three points as Liverpool came from
behind thanks to a close-range Luiz Suarez header at Stamford Bridge.

Having seen both Manchester United and Manchester City win earlier in
the weekend, the Blues will have been hungry for victory against a side
we have found troublesome.

All looked to be going well when Terry headed us in front in the 20th
minute, only to be stretchered off a quarter of an hour later with what
looked like a nasty knee injury.

Chelsea still looked comfortable though, and so it came as a shock when
Suarez levelled for Liverpool with 18 minutes remaining, and although
both sides had chances to snatch it, neither did enough in the end.

Team news
Terry was back from his four-game domestic suspension to lead Chelsea
out, and he was partnered in the centre of defence by Branislav
Ivanovic, who was preferred to Gary Cahill with Cesar Azpilicueta
starting at right-back. David Luiz missed out with illness, and Ryan
Bertrand continued at left-back in the absence of Ashley Cole.

Further forward there was an increasingly familiar look to the Blues,
while on the bench was Marko Marin, who still awaited a Barclays Premier
League debut after his summer arrival.

Liverpool, of course managed by former Chelsea coach Brendan Rodgers,
had ex-Blues in their squad too, with Glen Johnson starting in an
advanced role on the right, and Joe Cole among the subs.

Elsewhere on the field Jamie Carragher was called in at centre-back in
the absence of Martin Skrtel, and would spend his afternoon focused on
former red Fernando Torres.

First half
It was Carragher who inadvertently gave Chelsea the first chance of the
game, the defender stepping forward to intercept a loose ball after Joe
Allen was caught in possession, only to feed Eden Hazard, whose
first-time through ball set Oscar away into the Liverpool area, but
under pressure, the Brazilian shot high on his weaker left side.

With three central defenders and two deep midfielders, Liverpool were
set up to limit what Chelsea could do coming forward, and it worked
fairly well for the first 19 minutes until Torres forced a corner, Mata
whipped it in from the right and Terry, unmarked, headed hard and high
into the top corner to give the home side the lead.

Few can claim to lead by example in quite the same way as the
31-year-old, who in scoring netted his 50th Chelsea goal, the first
defender to reach that milestone.

Seven minutes later Chelsea perhaps should have doubled the advantage as
Hazard set off on a mazy run before slipping in Torres, whose shot was
parried back to Hazard by stand-in Liverpool goalkeeper Brad Jones, the
Belgian misfiring his volley wide of the target.

Barring a couple of unfruitful corners, Liverpool had done little to
worry Petr Cech inside the opening half-hour, Nuri Sahin's low drive, a
yard or two wide, the closest they had come.

Injury would hit Terry shortly afterwards, the captain hurt in the line
of duty as he stopped Suarez, who fell awkwardly across the Chelsea
man's leg, and looked to cause knee damage. A lengthy period of
treatment followed, and a stretcher was required to take Terry off.
Cahill was the readymade replacement.

The injury allowed for five minutes of injury time, and in that period
Juan Mata, until then quite, should have doubled our lead. The Spaniard
picked up a loose ball inside the Liverpool half and strode towards
goal, beating Carragher before letting fly from just inside the box.

Form would tell you the Barclays Premier League Player of the Month for
October would score, but instead, he lifted it over the bar, and
Liverpool were still in the game.

Second half
Joe Allen became the game's first booking on 49 minutes. Having been
robbed of possession by Torres, the midfielder had little option but to
pull the striker down with Chelsea forming a dangerous looking
counter-attack.

It was not the first time Allen, usually efficient and effective with
the ball, had been caught in possession as the Liverpool middle
struggled to get a hold of the game.

A flurry of action, lacking in the first half, was to follow. First
Johnson was booked for an elbow on Oscar, and from Haard's free-kick
Jones produced a superb reflex save to deny Torres a first goal against
his former team.

On 63 minutes, Torres had another sniff of goal after Mata released
Bertrand and the left-back crossed low to the near post, but he could
not quite connect cleanly.

Reds skipper Steven Gerrard was cautioned for a foul on Oscar, which
presented Mata with the opportunity to whip the ball into the danger
area. His cross was just too high for Torres, but in punching the ball
away Jones only diverted it into John Mikel Obi, who was unfortunate to
see the ball drop wide of the post.

At the other end Raheem Sterling, now playing a little deeper than he
had started, had a volley blocked by Cahill but it still looked as
though Chelsea were the more likely to score again.

Imagine the surprise around Stamford Bridge then when Liverpool struck
an equaliser. Another corner saw Carragher break free from his marker
and flick the ball towards the far post, where Suarez squirmed free of
Ramires and nodded in.

Needing a goal, Roberto Di Matteo looked to his midweek match-winner,
Victor Moses, to provide inspiration from the bench, and the Nigerian
replaced Oscar with 14 minutes to go. Moses went to right-wing, and Mata
down the middle.

Suddenly it was Liverpool on the front foot and looking dangerous,
players previously on the edge of the action, like Suarez and Gerrard,
were beginning to play while Chelsea sent long balls forward to an
outnumbered Torres, who would be replaced with nine minutes to go by
Daniel Sturridge.

Liverpool sub Suso had a superb chance to put his side in front when
Sterling burst down the right and pulled back, but he miscued and
Chelsea could build again.

Would there be a late winner?

Ivanovic headed over for Chelsea between two Suarez moments, the first a
speculative 50-yarder that made Cech work back to palm it away, the next
a run on goal that the goalkeeper denied with an alert run from his
line.

In the final minute of normal time, Hazard drove wide before four more
were indicated.

After three-and-a-half Cech had to go down to his right to deny Jose
Enrique a Liverpool winner, and that would be the game's final chance.

It was two points dropped rather than one gained for Di Matteo's men,
and there would now be concern for Terry, whose absence, if there is to
be one, will be sorely felt.


FINAL WHISTLE VERDICT: TERRY SCAN TOMORROW [TOCFCWS}
Posted on: Sun 11 Nov 2012

John Terry was understandably the main subject of Roberto Di Matteo's
thoughts after the home draw with Liverpool, the skipper marking his
return to the side with his 50th Chelsea goal before his afternoon took
a turn for the worse when he was carried off with a knee injury.

Terry was already the highest scoring defender in the club's history as
he met a Juan Mata corner to head the team into a lead they held until
the 72nd minute. That's when Liverpool equalised, also from a corner,
and two consecutive league draws raised fears of a repeat of recent
seasons when results have dipped at this time of year.

Di Matteo responded to that suggestion but first he gave an update on
the captain.

'We will have to wait for a scan tomorrow to understand the full extent
of the injury,' said Di Matteo.

'We have just got John back after the ban and it was great seeing him
lead the team out. He started the game very well and showed exactly his
qualities, experience and influence on the team, and it was a real shame
he had to go off because he was having a very good game.

'He is in pain now and we just hope it is not a serious injury and we
have him back very soon.'

On letting the lead slip
'We knew that we needed to score a second goal and it was crucial to
kill the game of,' said Di Matteo regretfully. 'We had the chances to do
so and their keeper made some great saves but at 1-0 it is always
dangerous because the opposition can score from a set-play.

'We had our men marking the opposition and Ramires was with Suarez who
pushed him in the back and that created that little bit of space for him
to head the goal. Sometimes the referees notice it, sometimes they
don't.'

On comparing this period of the season with the recent past
'I think we are in much better shape than in previous years and in a
much better position. We are very close to our best and we are still in
the mix, but the amount of games you play in this period probably has
some kind of effect.

'We still have good momentum because we beat Man United in the cup, an
incredible game, and we won in the Champions League midweek which was a
massive game. It has just been in the league that we have not managed to
win and the Man United league game obviously was a real blow because of
the way it happened.

'We are still playing well and still creating chances and we just need
to be a bit more clinical to take chances and finish the game off.'

On the possibility of players returning for the visit to West Brom next
weekend =

David Luiz had tonsillitis but we hope he can fully recover in time. I
hope and expect Ashley Cole to be available for the next game. For Frank
Lampard it might be a tiny bit too early but he won't be far off.'

Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers began the game with an altered
formation from the one he normally fielded this season. He played three
at the back and wing-backs with Raheem Sterling moved to make a front
pairing with Luis Suarez. He admitted it didn't work as hoped.

'We were a bit tentative first half, my fault,' said Rodgers. 'Normally
we play with three front players and it allows us to press more high up
the field, but I wanted to give more support to Luis Suarez but we
couldn't quite press it. With the two front players we couldn't quite
get our distances right.

'I changed it and we got more on to the front foot and we started to
play more like we have this season and won a good point. I know more
than anyone how difficult it can be to play here.'


CECH: SHOULD HAVE WON

Petr Cech felt we let control of the game slip against Liverpool, and
should have had it sewn up prior to their equaliser.

John Terry, later injured, headed us in front in the 20th minute, and we
had numerous chances to double the advantage before Luis Suarez nodded
the visitors level with 18 minutes to go, and it took Cech to deny the
Uruguayan when one on one, and a late stop from Jose Enrique, to
preserve a point for the Blues.

'It was exactly the game which shows how difficult the Premier League is
when you don't kill a game off,' said Cech afterwards. 'We had complete
control for 70 minutes and had so many chances you would think it is
just a matter of time until we score a second or third, but
unfortunately we didn't and allowed them to be alive, and then they came
back into the game.

'The goal helped them and it opened the game, and in the end they could
have won but we should have won the game.'

On his stop from Suarez, who had beaten the offside trap before being
stopped with a saving tackle from the goalkeeper on the edge of the
area, Cech said: 'He would have scored if he managed to get round me but
I guessed well the side he wanted to go, I wanted to make the task as
hard as possible, and I stuck my leg there and managed to get the ball
off him.

'It was a matter of timing, if I was late I would have been sent off or
he would have scored, but my decision was clear and I was sure I could
get there. I had a good starting position.

'As a goalkeeper every second counts, my concentration is for 90, or 95
minutes, and it pays off. I'm glad I managed to make the intervention at
the right moment.'

The draw leaves us three points adrift of league leaders Manchester
United, and one behind City, both who recorded wins at the weekend. The
goalkeeper, who will not join up with his Czech Republic international
team-mates in midweek, believes it is now a three-horse race, and our
meeting with City in a fortnight will be a huge test.

'It looks like that,' he said. 'We had a very good start. Manchester
United started with a defeat but are now top and City had a very good
victory because losing 1-0 you think Tottenham might get something out
of the game but they managed to win and now have the advantage over us.
It's early days and we still have to play them in two weeks, which will
be a big game for both teams.

'I think we have what it takes to win trophies and challenge the best
teams in Europe and the Premier League but you have to win your games.
We are still getting experience and I believe we will improve every
game. We've hit a difficult two or three games where we didn't win and
this isn't what we wanted but you can see we are progressing as a team.'


RADIO CLIVE'S FIVE: CHELSEA V LIVERPOOL

Throughout the season former player Clive Walker provides radio and TV
commentary on Chelsea's games. Here he selects five aspects from
Sunday's sharing of the spoils with the Merseysiders that caught his
eye.

1. Chelsea could have lost the game in the second half and we should
have won the game in the first half. Neither side had the tempo they
would have wanted in the first half but we were by far the better side
and although Liverpool had more of the possession, a lot was in their
own half. We should have got the second goal although of course the
injury to John Terry was a major blow. We suffered after half-time from
a change of tactics by Liverpool. Brendan Rodgers had to do something,
it put us on the back foot a little, and we can't seem to keep a clean
sheet at the moment.

2. By changing his formation for the start of the game, Rodgers took a
small gamble that we would play only one up front, which we did. He
probably felt three defenders could deal with Fernando Torres and
anybody running on from midfield. However in the Liverpool midfield Joe
Allen didn't look comfortable and he was under pressure all the time. By
changing formation back to their normal one second-half there was more
space for Allen and Gerrard to be creative. Gerrard started to dictate
with his passing which he didn't show at all in the first half. Rodgers
was prepared to accept that his original game plan didn't work which is
why we really should have taken them to the cleaners during that spell.

3. When it is a flat game with neither side penetrating and neither
goalkeeper in trouble, dead-ball situation are the game-changers. We
have been good from dead balls this season and Terry's goal was
excellent. It needed a great delivery which we know Juan Mata can supply
time and time again. You expect him to hit certain areas and Branislav
Ivanovic had a part to play in the movement that gave JT a free header.
That is all down to practice on the training ground.

4. On this occasion however our goal didn't change the performance level
by much. Liverpool's set-piece goal came from a corner delivered to the
near post and there we have a small problem we need to sort out when
Frank Lampard is not available. Over the last 10 years that near-post
area has been his territory to clear and to beat him there it has to be
an excellent ball in. The movement of Jamie Carragher to get the
flick-on was good and Ramires was pushed and may have switched off a
little when marking Suarez, but we need to find a way of dominating at
the near post when Lampard is not there.

5. Petr Cech made two interventions near the end and it was the first
one when he came out to challenge Suarez that was the hardest. To come
outside of your penalty area is a massive gamble for any keeper - one
mistake and it is a red card. He had to get contact on the ball, there
were no if, buts or maybes. The shot by Jose Enrique he saved at the
near post was the worst decision the Liverpool player made. He was their
man of the match for me, but he should have hit the shot across the
goalkeeper to the far post so that if it was saved there may have been a
tap-in. Although it looked dangerous I couldn't see Cech being beaten at
his near post.


THE DATA DAY: CHELSEA V LIVERPOOL
Posted on: Mon 12 Nov 2012

It was one of those days at Stamford Bridge, as territorial advantage
and chances galore did not transfer to the scoreline.

Chelsea had 15 shots to Liverpool's 10, but could only manage three on
target the same number as the Reds, showing we did not test the
relatively inexperienced Brad Jones nearly enough. The Australian made
only two saves, both from Fernando Torres, and both were very good.

We had 10 attempts from inside the area to Liverpool's five, but looked
most dangerous from set-pieces, with John Terry's goal, Torres and
Branislav Ivanovic going close.

Luis Suarez's goal was Liverpool's first effort on target after 72
minutes. The Uruguayan had one more, from near the halfway line, before
Petr Cech's late save from Jose Enrique.

Terry scored with his only attempt, while Juan Mata, Ivanovic and Eden
Hazard failed to find the target with any of their shared seven efforts.

Perhaps surprisingly for a home game, Chelsea had only 43 per cent
possession and completed only 80 per cent of our 386 passes. In contrast
Liverpool had an 87 per cent success rate, completing 442 of 507.

Critically, however, it seems Liverpool's greater possession was in
areas that could not hurt Chelsea. In the attacking third, they made 135
passes to Chelsea's 143.

Both teams' preference for the short pass is highlighted by goalkeeper
behaviour. Cech only went long with his passes twice, and was once
successful, while Jones kept his seven passes short.

Four Liverpool players outpassed John Mikel Obi, Chelsea's top passer.
The game's top passer was Joe Allen who completed 57. He was caught in
possession several times, launching Chelsea counter-attacks, however,
and one of these led to his booking for hauling down Torres.

Hazard and Suarez were both dangerous on the attack, the Belgian making
21 of 25 passes in the final third, the Uruguayan 18 of 20.

Mata and Hazard created seven chances between them, Terry's goal coming
from the Spaniard's corner.

Liverpool were caught offside seven times to Chelsea's one, with Suarez
the main offender, unsurprising given his tendency to sit on the
shoulder of the last defender.

Liverpool's wide men were better utilised defensively. Glen Johnson and
Enrique were asked to provide attacking threats, but instead they did
well on the back foot, Enrique winning all seven of his tackles, Johnson
all five of his.


Flexible Liverpool make their point after 3-5-2 experiment at Chelsea
[Guardian]
Posted by Michael Cox =

Sunday 11 November 2012 20.46 GMT
http://www.guardian.co.uk/football/blog/2012/nov/11/liverpool-tactics-ch
elsea-premier-league

Brendan Rodgers chose to play three at the back but it was only when he
switched to 4-4-1-1 that his side came to life

With a back three, the central defenders were free to get forward, but
Liverpool found themselves outnumbered by Chelsea higher up the pitch.
Illustration: Graphic

Whereas previous Chelsea coaches have been tactically flexible, Roberto
Di Matteo's strategy has remained constant in recent weeks.

It is the same for the majority of big matches: a 4-2-3-1 with Eden
Hazard, Oscar and Juan Mata behind Fernando Torres. Therefore the key
tactical decision rests with the opposition manager. Ars=E8ne Wenger had
to choose between the pace of Gervinho or the height of Olivier Giroud,
for example, and Sir Alex Ferguson picked a 4-4-1-1 rather than a
diamond in midfield for last month's 3-2 win at Stamford Bridge
recently.

Brendan Rodgers tried something entirely different: a back three, which
he had used in the midweek defeat by Anzhi Makhachkala and more
pertinently, considering the sizeable rotation for the trip to Russia,
in the second half of the Merseyside derby a fortnight ago. Maybe the
former Chelsea coach had also noted how his old side struggled against
an opposition back three when Juventus snatched a 2-2 draw at Stamford
Bridge in September; Chelsea led through two Oscar goals from long range
but their wide players were forced back by the Italian team's wing-backs
and had little impact.

The same happened here. Rather than playing near Torres and pressing the
Liverpool back three, Mata and Hazard dropped close to the midfield and
allowed Daniel Agger and Andre Wisdom time on the ball. As a result
Liverpool recorded the highest possession figure - 57% - for an away
side at Stamford Bridge since February 2010, but the passing was slow,
with little penetration. They stifled Chelsea's creativity but also
harmed their own.

Rodgers is obsessed with possession but Liverpool had too much of it
before the interval, allowing Chelsea time to get men behind the ball.
The away side did not offer incision - even after Rodgers tilted his
midfield trio midway through the first half, pushing Nuri Sahin higher
up to join Steven Gerrard, rather than sitting alongside Joe Allen.

With three centre-backs able to defend the penalty box, Liverpool might
have been better off playing on the counterattack - Ryan Bertrand and
C=E9sar Azpilicueta would have been free to attack but the prospect of
Luis Su=E1rez and Raheem Sterling roaming into the channels before
sprinting in behind would have worried the centre-backs. Instead, with
the Chelsea full-backs in place and the midfield providing protection,
Liverpool completed twice as many passes as Chelsea in the first half
but failed to test Petr Cech; the formation offered false dominance
rather than outright superiority.

Rodgers made just one substitution. After an hour he introduced Suso in
place of Sahin, told the Spaniard to play just behind Su=E1rez and
switched to a 4-4-1-1 formation. Glen Johnson moved to left-back, with
Jos=E9 Enrique and Sterling on the flanks. Now Liverpool offered greater
forward passing options, an extra threat in the penalty area and more
width high up the pitch, stretching the Chelsea defence. As with Terry's
opener, Liverpool's equaliser came from a set piece in a game featuring
little creativity but it was a fair reflection of their increased
ambition after the formation change.

Liverpool also had the finest chance at 1-1, when Cech became a sweeper
to thwart Su=E1rez outside the box. That type of move, with the Uruguayan
breaking past the defensive line, was the type of situation Liverpool
should have been striving for in the first half.


Chelsea       Team Statistics       Liverpool
    1              Goals             1
    1         1st Half Goals         0
    3         Shots on Target        3
   10        Shots off Target        5
    2          Blocked Shots         2
    4             Corners            7
   12              Fouls            13
    1            Offsides            7
    1          Yellow Cards          3
    0            Red Cards           0
   79.8       Passing Success       87.2
   34             Tackles           30
   85.3       Tackles Success       90
   43.1         Possession          56.9
   57.6    Territorial Advantage    42.4
  386          Total Passes        507
   22         Total Crosses         18
  154           Lost Balls         153
   61           Recoveries          65
   35.8       1st Half Poss.        64.2
   52.7       2nd Half Poss.        47.3

regards
Harry



_______________________________________________
Chelsea mailing list
Chelsea@jesternix.net
http://jesternix.net/mailman/listinfo/chelsea_jesternix.net
