Subject:[Chelsea] How Terry storm led to Chelsea pursuing Mikel 'monkey'
	claim [IoS]
[HS: Finally, we have something undoubtedly from CFC. Looks to me to
be an all-encompassing response to this week's press, which has been
driven by endless briefings from the refs' side, if not from the FA as
well, given that quotes seem to have been taken from ref reports and
conclusions on Sky video. Some of the information here is
diametrically opposed to reports that have come out - specifically on
Mikel gaining entry to the ref's room mob-handed with other CFC people
and the reported rucking. Much is as has been guessed, but it's very
disappointing to read there's nothing more than just one side's word
against another, which to me is insufficient to make any charge stick.
However, it depends on the view taken. If the FA were to be as
"imaginative" as they were in the Terry case, on the balance of
probability, anything is possible. I don't doubt for a moment they
won't be, though.]

Cover-up fear plus employee law were behind the decision to proceed
with complaint against referee Mark Clattenburg

Mihir Bose
Sunday 04 November 2012

Chelsea are well aware that should the FA and police investigations
show that Mark Clattenburg did not racially abuse John Obi Mikel in
last Sunday's match against Manchester United, the club would face an
enormous backlash. Referees are already threatening to boycott the
club as a result of the allegation.

However, the club felt that they had to make the complaint because
otherwise they would have faced the even more explosive charge of
trying to cover up alleged racial abuse. More so as Mikel, who was
allegedly called a monkey, and Ramires, who also claims to have heard
it, felt very strongly on this issue.

Talking to a highly placed source within the club it is now possible
to reveal what led Chelsea to take the unprecedented step of accusing
a referee of behaving in a racist manner. At the conclusion of
Sunday's match the Chelsea hierarchy, despite the defeat, felt the
club had secured the moral high ground.

In their view Clattenburg had made two major errors in sending off
Fernando Torres and then allowing Javier Hernandez's offside winner to
decide the outcome. There were some post-match suggestions that the
club had engineered these complaints against Clattenburg in
retaliation but, in fact, Chelsea were not looking for any such
confrontation.

However, this changed when it emerged that several players were
furious about what they deemed to be insulting language used by
Clattenburg, not only towards Mikel but also towards Juan Mata, who
allegedly was labelled a "Spanish twat".

Bruce Buck, the Chelsea chairman and a lawyer, who was in the
directors' dining room, was told about the incidents. He came to the
dressing room to talk to the players. It was clear Mikel and Ramires,
both of whom claimed they heard Clattenburg call Mikel a monkey, were
very upset. Mikel had tried to go into Clattenburg's room after the
match to discuss the issue but failed.

As allowed under the rules, half an hour after the match the Chelsea
manager, Roberto Di Matteo, did go and see Clattenburg but did not
raise these issues. The discussion centred around why Clattenburg had
made a potential game-changing decision to send off Torres and,
particularly, how sure he was that the striker had dived and therefore
deserved a second yellow. Television replays have since shown that
Torres was fouled.

Chelsea were only able to talk to the Premier League match delegate
about the Mikel and Mata incidents an hour and a half after the match.
The delegate explained that the appropriate procedure was for him to
inform his superior, who would then inform the FA.

By then Chelsea had carefully weighed up their options. As they saw
it, they had a duty of care to their players. They also had to take
into consideration FA rule E 14, which basically says a participant,
meaning club, shall immediately report to the association any incident
or matter which may be considered to be misconduct. Misconduct is a
defined term under the FA regulations and includes such alleged racial
behaviour.

Chelsea also had to consider the Equality Act 2010, which imposes an
obligation on an employer to act if an employee believes he or she has
been subjected to discrimination by third parties, such as a customer.
In this case Clattenburg would be judged to be a third party.

The club also weighed up possible press and public reactions should it
emerge that two black players had lodged accusations of being racially
abused but Chelsea had done nothing about it. The club's fear, having
gone through the John Terry affair, was that they would then be
accused of a cover-up of alleged racial abuse of their own players.

It was this that led to Sunday's statement about the two incidents
alleged by Mikel and Mata.

There has been much criticism of how Chelsea worded their statement
but, according to the source, the club felt they had to say something.
Several reporters had got wind of an incident involving Mikel and the
Chelsea press office were getting calls. In retrospect, the club
accept that the statement could have been worded more guardedly and
referred in more general terms to possible incidents, but here again
Chelsea were wary of being accused of a cover-up.

Things moved up a gear when, following the match delegate's report,
the FA asked Chelsea whether they were going to make a formal
complaint. External lawyers were called in, witness statements taken
from players and it was decided there was not enough evidence to
proceed with the allegation regarding Mata. The player himself had not
heard it; a team-mate claimed he had. But Mikel was adamant that he
had been called a monkey and Ramires was doubly certain. Ramires is
believed to have made the point that as a black Brazilian playing in
Portugal he was often called monkey and would recognise the word in
any language. I understand he was not prepared to back down on this.
Chelsea decided the Mikel allegation had to be proceeded with.

Chelsea reject accusations that they were driven by player power.
Rather, they argue that they were motivated by a desire to be good
employers. Chelsea also remain sceptical of the public interventions
by Sir Alex Ferguson and Ars=E8ne Wenger, both of whom criticised them
last week.

Unlike the John Terry case, where there was video evidence of what was
said, this case will probably hinge on whose word is believed.
Clattenburg is believed to be backed by his officials, all of whom are
miked up. But even here there may be room for doubt, as some referees
have put their hand over their mike when talking to players to avoid
words being overheard or lip-read on camera. Chelsea may use this as
part of their case when the FA hearing is held.

It is understood that in any investigation Clattenburg will deny the
accusations made against him.

-- =

regards
Harry

_______________________________________________
Chelsea mailing list
Chelsea@jesternix.net
http://jesternix.net/mailman/listinfo/chelsea_jesternix.net
