Subject:Re: [LUG] Linux - and security
On 02/11/12 21:23, Martijn Grooten wrote:
> I hope fellow list-members know that it is not mandatory to read all
> the posts. :-)
And that goes double, if not triple for my posts! 
> (But then, I don't think we disagree about most the technical details.)

No, I think you're right, and annoyingly you're far too reasonable to
disagree with (mostly). I do disagree with some of your points still:

CRIME/BEAST are hard. For normal people. But not for skilled hackers, of
which there are many. It only takes one to compromise a major host, and
then millions of users are open. Bonus points for targeting
infrastructure points like ISPs and MITMing even 5% of the connections
going through. The entire history of hacking is full of exploits of
staggering complexity, but that hasn't stopped any of them being
implemented and used heavily. A recent global security survey of SSL/TLS
amongst top sites showed that nearly 50% were vulnerable: a lot of them
promptly fixed the hole, but many didn't. And of course, CRIME will be
tweaked and they'll be vulnerable again... SSL/TLS done *right* is of
course secure, no arguments there. I should have been more specific
about how most real-world implementations are effectively broken.

I disagree about DNS too - you even admit that just about anything you
do online requires it but don't think it effects you. Fair enough, but
why not go DNSSEC and close the hole? It is your call of course though,
and your cost/benefit analysis to make.

You've got the wrong end of SCADA attacks too: most SCADA systems are
just helplessly vulnerable fullstop, and anyone with ICL skills can
wreak havoc upon them. The difficulty is getting access to the backend
systems that should be airgapped and that was the genius of
Stuxnet/Flame. But fair enough, as none of us are SCADA systems admins I
think even I agree we don't personally have to worry about them!

Also, you yourself actually provided an example of a 0-day in widespread
use - the Iranian government were broadly intercepting all internal
google mail traffic for a while before they were busted and the hole
fixed. Agreed, as you say mostly 0-days are held close to the chest and
used in targeted attacks but what usually happens though is that someone
discovers it, it leaks into general usage (often landing in our
favourites MetaSploit and Canvas very quickly) and then everyone on the
internet is vulnerable for a few days whilst vendors scramble to release
out-of-schedule patches. Again, that's my fault for not being strict
enough with my terminology.

It all boils down to the above cost/benefit analysis. You contend that
you've already done more than enough and I'm guessing, value your free
time more than the extra 1% security you could eke out of your system by
really pushing it.

And who the hell am I to say you're wrong? You're probably already in
the top 1%, if not 0.1% of secure systems.

Obviously, I have personally decided it is worth it going further, and
not stopping until I'm in the top 0.00001% of systems. Quite frankly, I
wouldn't expect most people to go that far and of course, even now, I'm
not invulnerable because nobody is. cvs.openbsd.org got hacked a few
years back, and if someone got into that, I'm screwed if the same
attackers come after me...

To wrap up, I reluctantly agree you're much more realistic than me and
indeed, "good enough" is probably just that. Well organised backups will
do the rest so even if you do get trashed, you can nuke the system,
patch the holes and you're back in business. And that, for the vast
majority of people and even businesses, is quite enough.

So everyone, listen to Martjin, he's quite right. If on the other hand,
you ever need something really, REALLY, *REALLY* secured, my rates are
very reasonable and I promise you my paranoia isn't in any way
infectious :] I'm not allowed to wear my tinfoil hat in public anymore...

Cheers


-- 
The Mailing List for the Devon & Cornwall LUG
http://mailman.dclug.org.uk/listinfo/list
FAQ: http://www.dcglug.org.uk/listfaq
