Subject:[Chelsea] Chelsea had no option but to report Clattenburg
	[Independent]
[HS: It takes a full week for one journo to finally catch up with what
we all realised last Monday. Truly, the finest minds work in British
journalism...]

Talking Football: A black player of theirs alleges racism. And people
suggest they ignore it?

Sam Wallace
Sunday 04 November 2012

At the end of the tunnel at Stamford Bridge is a door adorned with the
sign "Officials changing". Beyond that door is a corridor, off which are
the referee's changing room, a room for doping control and another in
which radio interviews are conducted.

It is through the "Officials changing" door that Chelsea chief executive
Ron Gourlay walked in the aftermath of the game against Manchester
United eight days ago but not, Chelsea will submit, into the referee's
private room.

Having originally visited the home dressing room, where he was made
aware of the storm that was brewing, Gourlay went down to the "Officials
changing" corridor and asked the Chelsea players and staff, who had by
then left the referee's room occupied by Mark Clattenburg, to return to
their dressing room. But the hare was already running.

The tunnel area at Stamford Bridge is surprisingly cramped. To the right
is the press room where, if I delay going up the steps to the press box
for kick-off, I can hear the buzzer to call the teams into the tunnel
and that evocative sound of studs on a hard floor. Post-match, radio and
television reporters are invited beyond the door from the press room
into the tunnel and they would have seen John Obi Mikel come down from
the home dressing room to confront Clattenburg.

By the time Gourlay was there, part of the Mikel-Clattenburg story was
out. Even before Chelsea's explosive statement was released in the hours
after the game, club officials were being asked by journalists about a
row involving the referee and the whisper of a racial element was in the
air.

As the events of an extraordinary week have unfolded, the question of
what Chelsea and Gourlay should have done keeps being posed.
Increasingly, it seems obvious to me that, however painful the fallout,
he and the club had no choice but to follow procedure and make the
complaint about Clattenburg.

Ars=E8ne Wenger said on Thursday that Chelsea would have been better
served trying "to sort it out in the room", that he was a "deep
supporter of doing that [solving disputes] internally". Wenger made a
joke about the process only serving to make lawyers richer and preached
"tolerance, fairness and explanation internally".

Sir Alex Ferguson said on Friday that he simply did not believe
Clattenburg would have made a racist remark, so one can only suppose
that had it been a black United player who had made the complaint, his
manager would also have dismissed it. In 2008, United stood by the
testimony of Mike Phelan and goalkeeping coach Richard Hartis, who
alleged that a Chelsea groundsman racially abused Patrice Evra. The
claim was dismissed by an independent commission.

Have I missed a reversal in the nation's mood? This time last week we
were fearful that English football was teetering on the brink of a
racial divide. The Professional Footballers' Association was hastily
drawing up a plan to assuage the concerns of black players. There was a
fear that our game had a genuine problem. Now there is outrage at a
black man making an allegation of racism.

Place yourself in Chelsea's position. John Terry, their captain, has
recently been found guilty of an FA race charge in arguably the
highest-profile football disciplinary case of modern times. Ashley Cole
and club secretary David Barnard have been heavily criticised for their
conduct in the commission report. The club have spent the last few weeks
reaffirming their commitment to anti-racism. Then a black player of
theirs alleges racism.

And people are suggesting they should choose to ignore it?

Had they tried to deal with it "internally" (Wenger's advice) or just
dismissed it (Ferguson's advice) it is inconceivable that, knowing what
we do about the speed with which the news got out last Sunday, the
nature of Mikel's complaint would have remained private. And when it
did, along with Chelsea's refusal to act on the word of a black player,
the whole episode would have looked like a monumental cover-up.

Had that taken place, there would have been calls for resignations at
the top of the club's hierarchy, and rightly so.

Did Chelsea act too quickly in making two separate complaints against
Clattenburg to the match delegate Nick Cusack, one of which, relating to
Juan Mata, has already been withdrawn? Possibly they would have been
better served being less specific. However, the regulations are quite
clear on this point.

The FA rule book, page 123, Rule 14 states: "A participant shall
immediately report to the association any incident, facts or matter
which may constitute misconduct."

It has also been suggested that Chelsea's actions were somehow revenge
for Terry's racism charge. Surely the dumbest argument yet. Given the
events of the last 12 months, this is a club that wanted as little as
possible to do with a race controversy. There are those at Chelsea who
think Terry got exactly what was coming to him. Revenge on his behalf is
the last thing on their mind.

Speaking to those who know Clattenburg, the response I have got to the
question of whether he was the sort of man to make racial remarks has
been along the lines of "never in a million years". If Ramires is the
key witness then you have to wonder how certain he is of what was said.
There are plenty of reasons to doubt Chelsea.

Which is exactly why there is a disciplinary process in place to deal
with these issues. Should the FA press charges, the commission will, as
in past cases, attempt painstakingly to recreate the events of 28
October and make a judgement on that basis.

When it comes to the events of that Sunday it is not up to what I think,
or you think, or Ferguson thinks, or Wenger thinks. It comes down to a
forensic examination of the evidence. If a few lawyers get even richer
off the back of it, then we will just have to accept that unfortunate
consequence.

Whatever your position on the Suarez-Evra affair, or the Terry-Ferdinand
saga, both were subject to scrupulous legal process. Neither report was
perfect. What is? Some people have, in both cases, disagreed with the
findings. Some, including Kenny Dalglish, have argued that the civil
burden of proof in commission hearings is too low. But at the end of
both episodes all parties signed up to the findings and we moved on.

That is what will happen in the Clattenburg affair. Ferguson said that
even if the referee is acquitted =96 or no charges are brought =96 he will
be tainted for ever. I disagree strongly. And Ferguson placing that seed
in the mind of the public will certainly not help matters.

Should he be proved innocent that is exactly what Clattenburg will be:
innocent of racism. There will always be the occasional thicko who bears
a grudge but the vast majority of football fans have a strong sense of
fairness. He may even end up =96 shock, horror =96 quite popular.

It must be difficult and unpleasant for Clattenburg at present but,
convinced of his innocence, he should trust in the process. Mikel's
allegation was far too serious and complex to be hushed up =96 both
morally or practically. As for Chelsea, they could doubtless do without
all this, especially the consequences of the case being found against
their player. The alternative, however, was unthinkable.

regards
Harry



_______________________________________________
Chelsea mailing list
Chelsea@jesternix.net
http://jesternix.net/mailman/listinfo/chelsea_jesternix.net
