Subject:WEBCAST : Consolidation in the cloud - Not just saving cost

Consolidation in the cloud
Not just saving cost
11am GMT / 12pm CET, 25th January 2012


Hi Braun As,

De Vere hotels had legacy systems, systems that needed updating but,
most of all, it had lots of servers doing different things. Having
grown by acquisition, it needed to consolidate if it wanted to realise
its plans for customer service. It did this using a private cloud
created by ANS Group, based on NetApp's FlexPod.

On January 25th, live from Studio Reg, you can hear the story of how
it succeeded. Joining us for a live hour of their chat and your
questions on how private cloud can be used to consolidate - and how
consolidation can achieve flexibility and performance as well as save
money - will be Jo Stanford from the De Vere Group, Andy Barrow from
ANS Group and Laurence James from NetApp. Tony Lock of Freeform
Dynamics will be providing the Wisdom Of The Ages as usual, and the
Reg's Tim Phillips will squeeze in too (but we're not sure where) to
put your questions to the expert panel.

As the feverish excitement of cloud hype becomes a practical challenge
for you to solve, you strive to know whether private cloud delivers what
it promises and whether it can meet the needs of a real business.

We have the people who can give you the answers you need.
Join us on January 25 to hear them.
Click below to secure your place.
http://whitepapers.theregister.co.uk/s/a16/5613a/527/830b2f62?td=3Dm-ev

Team Register
http://www.theregister.co.uk

You are receiving this invite as a member of our events list. You
either signed up specifically, or were added as a result of attending
a previous Register Event.

If you no longer want them, or to more generally manage the emails we
do and don't send you, sign in to your account :
  http://account.theregister.co.uk
  Your username : legit4as@gmail.com.
  Forgotten your password? Get a reminder :
  http://account.theregister.co.uk/reminder/

This email was sent to legit4as@gmail.com

