Subject:Re: [LUG] Qubes
Simon Avery wrote:
>
> Y'know, I think the bigger picture is being missed here - which is the
> far more common-or-garden user and good old human nature.

I don't think so.

My question is what is Qubes like to use.

Sure it is likely the average user is not going to be using version 1, but
it is likely that if you need security online (and most of us like to bank
or use Paypal, or EBay, or a brokerage, or otherwise expose funds we can't
afford to lose) then an OS that provides a reasonably secure method of
accessing your online financial services, or protecting sensitive
cryptographic keys, would be a good idea.

Kai would suggest Web Converger, but currently I'd have to reboot for
that. Sure I could use virtualization and run Web Converger in one
instance, but that is precisely the sort of thing Qubes is trying to make
easier.

I agree we want tools that avoid a lot of the attack vectors, but
realistically we don't know how to build them, when we do know we aren't
using that knowledge, and even if we did build such tools it is likely
they wouldn't inter-operate with the Internet systems of interest as they
are currently deployed because so much of it is borked (take for example
the low emphasis on mixed content warnings in browsers these days, clearly
the only meaningful response to a mixed content is to downgrade the
displayed security to unencrypted, or just block access as it is difficult
to explain to the user).

Even if we magically mastered perfection in software engineering we would
still have to trust the authors of software we use that it does what they
say in the current model. As such appropriate containment will mean we
don't have to trust everyone who contributed to every single piece of
software on our machine to protect all our data. A rogue browser would
them be restricted to only accessing the stuff we surf in it, and not able
to see my email (for example).

And yes humans are often the weak link in the chain, but not all of us
switch browser because a browser gives us a security warning, but we are
still exposed to a raft of threats for which greater knowledge is little
benefit. For example attacks against SSL, where I have no way of knowing
the place I'm entering my credentials isn't the site I intended to visit.

 Simon

PS: Fetching a jpeg from a compromised site is probably less safe than you
might expect, certainly IE7 will content sniff and act on HTML delivered
for an image request.


-- 
The Mailing List for the Devon & Cornwall LUG
http://mailman.dclug.org.uk/listinfo/list
FAQ: http://www.dcglug.org.uk/listfaq
