Subject:[Chelsea] Chelsea Terrace Talk [CSG]
Irish Examiner Article By Trizia Fiorellino

Hello from the most vilified club in the country - possibly the world!!
So what have we learned this week? Well, it seems that if one of your
employees comes to you claiming that he has been racially abused, you
should tell said individual to forget what he heard and just carry on as
if nothing has happened for fear of upsetting those who somehow have
equated this as being either hypocritical or purposely malicious.

We have also learned that certain managers and players have
super-natural powers - they are able to confidently tell us what
happened between Clattenburg and Mikel without even being there!!
Perhaps they could furnish me with this week's lottery numbers?

The poisonous and vitriolic troll Neil Warnock has been particularly
toxic claiming that Chelsea are "trying to kill" the referee - that is
really what this whole incident needs isn't it, someone with no business
making any comments bandying about inflammatory statements like that.

As far as I am concerned, the club (for once) have done exactly the
right thing. Accusations have been made - they have taken those
accusations seriously (as they should) and reported them through the
correct channels. The club then carried out an internal investigation.
Based on that investigation, they decided to formalise one of the
complaints and not take the other forward. The rest will be out of their
hands.

Some will question the decision to make this issue public - I too
initially thought that this was an unwise course of action. However,
given that the Chelsea camp leaks like a sieve and the fact that the
Clattenburg camp (including the referees union) could have also put it
in the public domain, it could have looked as if Chelsea were trying to
hide something; so I think with hindsight it was the right thing to do.

Chelsea, just like any other employer, had no option but to report this
incident and in my mind have acted properly yet are being castigated by
the usual suspects for doing so. What would they have had them do? Not
report it?

As far as I am concerned, I cannot believe that a referee would use such
a term, but equally I cannot believe that a player would make something
like that up. I'm hoping it was some innocent misunderstanding as the
ramifications of anything else would be pretty serious. Sadly, I think
that there are too many people in the game with too many agendas to
allow this to play itself out by following due process. I just hope
whatever happens it's dealt with quickly and does not drag on for over a
year as the Terry issue did. That looks unlikely now that the Society of
Black Lawyers (not Chelsea) have made the complaint to the police.

So what happens if the accusations cannot be proved? It seems that
should this happen all and sundry think that Chelsea should be taken to
task in some way - this is just madness. When John Terry was cleared in
a court of law, was anyone demanding that Anton Ferdinand be prosecuted?
Common sense and even-handedness seems to have been replaced by a witch
hunt mentality and hysterical car crash journalism which has created a
monster which simply doesn't exist. This needs to stop - now.

Remember the football? We had to win midweek against United, and, of
course, eventually after an extraordinary game we did, but we made hard
work of it and it did not make up one iota for the league game. We had a
wobble at this point last season and we cannot allow the same thing this
season - we have already conceded top spot and the slide needs to stop
now.

I don't want to take anything away from Swansea as their players showed
desire and skill and their tactics were spot on. That said, we looked
lethargic, pedestrian, and totally bereft of any organisation at the
back and any responsibility in the midfield. We have been very
unfortunate indeed to have both Mata and Lampard out at the same time,
as if either of them had been fit, I have no doubt that we would have
won down at the Liberty.

Never do you see how important John Terry is to the team as when he
doesn't play. He may have the pace of Dean Windass and the turning
circle of the QE2, but the team as a whole misses his leadership
qualities - whatever is going on off the pitch - on the pitch he is able
to put that out of his mind completely and read the game and the
opposition. His competitiveness and leadership ensures that every
Chelsea player carries out their instructions, and we have been missing
that in recent games.

Cech is a valued senior player, but he is no JT and I will be glad to
see that Captain's arm band back where it belongs. Terry plus anyone
still seems to be our best centre half pairing despite the other players
being younger, more agile and faster. Cahill has the makings of a
Chelsea captain but he has a lot to learn, but he is learning under one
of the best.

Liverpool is a game where form goes out the window to a certain degree -
they beat us twice at about this time last season in the Premiership and
the league cup and the alarm bells of AVB's competency began to really
clang in the wake of those losses.

I am one of those people (in the minority it should be said) who remains
unconvinced about Di Matteo. I am of the opinion that the quality of
some of our new players has masked his tactical naivety up to now - but
that will be something that will be increasingly difficult to hide as
the season progresses. Although it is still relatively early in the
campaign, last season demonstrated that we cannot allow any sort of gap
to form between us and the top four as making that up can prove
impossible.

Torres continues to be a concern - many of us excused his lack of goals
by pointing out his hard work for the team - that's gone now too - he is
now a shadow of his former self who you even forget is playing half the
time. I won't be surprised if he is used as some sort of make-weight for
Falcao (please) when the time comes.

I am perhaps making too much of the performance against Swansea but it
was quite depressing to watch and very reminiscent of some of those very
frustrating games under AVB. As an aside, speaking of AVB, see how the
papers are crucifying the Tottenham manager whose team currently sits
5th, yet Rodgers is apparently performing admirably in difficult
circumstances while Liverpool languish in 11th.

So to prevent a wobble becoming a slump we need to beat a very good
Donetsk side and a very average Liverpool - onwards and upwards.

regards
Harry



_______________________________________________
Chelsea mailing list
Chelsea@jesternix.net
http://jesternix.net/mailman/listinfo/chelsea_jesternix.net
