Subject:TECH PANEL :: Beyond the relational database

Hi Braun As,

Thank you for your continued support of The Reg Tech Panel.

The 'Big Data' Bandwagon is now in full flow and IT professionals are
already being swamped with marketing explaining why they cannot afford
to leave information un-mined.

Once again, we are being bombarded with terms and messages that are
ambiguous at best, meaningless at worst and simply confusing most of
the time.

So in true Tech Panel style, we want to get a handle on just what you
think about the latest bandwagon to pitch up.

What we are seeing is a number of different technologies that originated
in storage, access and analytical solutions are now attempting to move
into business use under the label of 'big data'. So what's happening
with your use of relational databases and how, if at all, are you
exploiting Hadoop and emerging Big Data technologies?

We think it's still early days and that data scientists are about as
rare as honest politicians, but to help us understand how emerging
solutions are are being used or influencing your plans, we would like
your help by completing our latest Reg reader study.

You don't need to be a big data or analytics expert to take part. In
fact what we want is to understand how much knowledge and experience
of specific technologies exists among readers and how you see 'Big
data' and traditional data storage and manipulation solutions fitting
together, if at all.

Ready to have a go?

If so, please below to get started. We've be extremely grateful of your
input.

http://forms.theregister.co.uk/studies/201208brdbms/?td=3Dm-pnl


Thank you
Team Register
http://www.theregister.co.uk


You are receiving this invite as a member of The Register Tech Panel.
To alter your email preferences, sign in here
  http://account.theregister.co.uk
Your username : legit4as@gmail.com.
Forgotten your password? Get a reminder here.
  http://account.theregister.co.uk/reminder/

This email was sent to legit4as@gmail.com
