Subject:[Chelsea] Rio and Anton Ferdinand reach out to Ashley Cole and John
	Terry [Guardian]
[HS: Given that their statement closed by saying they wouldn't discuss
the case, magically further words appear on their behalf related to
the fallout from the case. How can this be? That'll be the PR company
who're currently employed to do all the background briefings, right.
So, what do we have?
1) Having let Anton take the flak for refusing to shake hands
previously, now it's Rio's turn to do so, he changes tack. God he
really hung Anton out to dry on that one
2) Given only Rio & Ashley will be playing, Rio's claiming to be
magnanimous in being willing to shake the hand of the guy he was found
guilty of racially abusing by the FA. Doozy.
3) If you believe what's written below, Rio only "appeared" to endorse
a racial insult to Cole. Not that there was any confusion about it -
we all read it and the meaning was clear & premeditated, not in the
heat of the moment
4) Contrary to popular belief, Anton didn't refuse to shake Cole's
hand last time. Cole turned away and spat over his own shoulder. Cole
also refused to shake Anton's hand at the end of the original match
because Anton's "behaviour was out of order" according to court
evidence. Whether Ashley continues to be magnanimous, in the same way
he was when Rio's insult was issued and he let it pass, remains to be
seen. Point is, it's his call, not Rio's.
5) As pointed out by someone else, Rio's direct criticism of the FA
has made him into some kind of hero. Which is odd because when Cole
criticised the FA for them calling him a liar, he got fined =A3100
grand. Cole got criticised for allegdly lying, then got fined for
telling the truth, which seems the ultimate irony there]

=95 Rio Ferdinand ready to shake hands with Chelsea duo
=95 Brothers issue statement on Kick It Out controversy

David Hytner
The Guardian, Wednesday 24 October 2012 22.45 BST

Rio Ferdinand is prepared to shake Ashley Cole's hand at Stamford
Bridge on Sunday and that of John Terry in future as the Manchester
United player seeks to make a conciliatory gesture amid the racism
rows shaking the game. His brother Anton, the Queens Park Rangers
defender who was racially abused by Terry, is also open to shaking
hands with both Terry and Cole.

Ferdinand will start against Chelsea in the vital Premier League
fixture that will be televised around the world and although Terry is
suspended, as a result of his domestic four-match Football Association
ban for the abuse of Anton Ferdinand, Cole will line up against him.

There had been conjecture over whether Ferdinand would acknowledge
Cole in the pre-match ritual, which is designed to promote fair play
and respect. To the dismay of the Ferdinand family, Cole gave evidence
in support of Terry at the Chelsea captain's magistrates court trial
in July, when he was acquitted of the charge of directing racist
language at Anton Ferdinand in the league game between their clubs
last October.

Rio Ferdinand has been fined =A345,000 by the FA for appearing to
endorse a tweet that described Cole as a "choc ice" =96 a slang term
with obvious racial connotations =96 while Anton refused to shake hands
with Terry or Cole when QPR played Chelsea at Loftus Road on 15
September.

But after another week or so of race-related controversy, with the low
point coming in Serbia last Tuesday, when the England Under-21 player
Danny Rose was subjected to monkey chants from the crowd, the
Ferdinands have sought to make a statement that might help matters to
move forward.

It has been a family decision, taken after much discussion. Rio
Ferdinand would not have been prepared to shake with Cole on Sunday
unless Anton were fully supportive. But rather like United's Patrice
Evra and Luis Su=E1rez of Liverpool, who put their well-publicised
differences to the side for a greater good when they shook hands
before the league game between their teams on 23 September, the
brothers want to look to the future. Part of their thinking has been
that pre-match non-handshaking sideshows cannot be allowed to continue
indefinitely.

There has been no disguising how they have felt over the past year,
particularly towards the FA and the Professional Footballers'
Association. The Ferdinands and other black players were dismayed that
Terry received only a four-match suspension and as it only applies in
domestic competition, he was free to captain Chelsea in their
Champions League tie at Shakhtar Donetsk on Tuesday. As part of an
anti-racism action week, Terry's armband was embroidered with the
slogan "Unite Against Racism".

Chelsea's players will wear Kick It Out anti-racism T-shirts on Sunday
but the Ferdinands did not wear them before their matches over the
weekend, together with a clutch of other black players, in protest at
the direction that they feel the campaign has taken. There was a
tonic, though, on Wednesday, when the PFA's chief executive, Gordon
Taylor, announced a six-point plan to counter racism in the game which
featured a call for tougher penalties for racist abuse, including
making it potentially a sackable offence.

And the Ferdinand brothers issued a joint statement on Wednesday
evening, that was carried on United's website, in which they outlined
their commitment to the ongoing discussions aimed at finding a way
forward.

"On the issue of Kick It Out," they said, "we would like to go on
record to say what fantastic work they have done in the past regarding
education and awareness. However, times change and organisations need
to change with them. We are more than happy to join the discussion,
privately, to make Kick It Out more relevant in its fight to stamp out
racism in football.

"Although we have been left disappointed by the PFA and the FA's
actions over the last year, as a family, we are committed to working
with football's existing organisations towards the betterment of the
game and to achieve immediate action.

"We would like to thank all the fans and the staff at Queens Park
Rangers and Manchester United for their support in what has been a
difficult year. In particular we want to thank [the managers] Sir Alex
Ferguson and Mark Hughes. We will not be discussing publicly any
issues connected with the case. We are now going to concentrate on
playing football."

Rio Ferdinand can expect to encounter hostility from the Stamford
Bridge crowd but Chelsea, while welcoming a passionate atmosphere,
will make it clear, as always, that they will not tolerate any
behaviour from the stands that crosses the boundaries of
acceptability. They will reinforce the day's anti-racism message in
the programme. The club continually reviews its security for big
matches.

Kick it Out released their own statement, welcoming the Ferdinands'
move and promising to redouble their efforts to eradicate
discrimination from the game. "Kick It Out very much welcomes this
statement," it said.

"We know and recognise the hurt that many people have gone through
over the last 12 months, none more so than the Ferdinand family
themselves.

"We will continue to work across the campaigning and diversity agenda
with all partners to ensure the grievances of players are concluded
fairly, thoroughly and swiftly."

-- =

regards
Harry

_______________________________________________
Chelsea mailing list
Chelsea@jesternix.net
http://jesternix.net/mailman/listinfo/chelsea_jesternix.net
