Subject:[Chelsea] WORDS WITH: FERNANDO TORRES [TOCFCWS]
Posted on: Wed 14 Nov 2012

London is one of those cities where you find pockets of cultures and
nationalities all over. Since 2011, there has been an ever-growing
community of Spanish footballers in the south-west of the capital.

Of course, Chelsea have had Spaniards before. Albert Ferrer was the
first, and he was joined by Enrique De Lucas in 2002, before Asier Del
Horno stopped off for a year in 2005.

The new trend started when Fernando Torres arrived at Chelsea on
transfer deadline day almost two years ago, and since then he has been
followed through the door by Oriol Romeu, Juan Mata and most recently
Cesar Azpilicueta. They are supplemented by support staff Dr Paco
Biosca, Dr Eva Carneiro and sports therapist Ivan Ortega.

The four appeared on stage together last month at Stamford Bridge for An
Audience With., responding to questions from and interacting with
supporters, all in fluent English that means they need never struggle in
conversation with their other team-mates.

The three later arrivals have all credited Torres with helping them to
settle, but when he sits down with the official Chelsea website, the
striker modestly rejects the notion that the others all look up to him.

'No, I am not the father figure!' he laughs. 'You have all the things
you learned in your head that you can use for the good of the team, and
that's what I do here, but I don't like to be a leader, maybe an example
as someone to follow if you like.

'We are all young still, and friends. I have been playing with Juan in
the national team since the Confederations Cup in 2009, and since then
we have been friends. I was so happy when he came here, and we have
helped Oriol and now Azpi to settle. There are also some staff, I think
there are seven of us in total in the dressing room, so it makes it
easier for the new guys to have people here helping them.

'There is no leader who has to talk for the others. Helping each other
is a job we should do, it's not a job Juan has to thank me for.

'I remember when I first came to Liverpool, Pepe Reina helped with
everything and he made it easy for me. When I was Atletico Madrid
captain I tried to help everyone. These are the basics in football, you
need to create an atmosphere and try to create a group of friends. It's
not easy and it doesn't always happen but you have to try.

'It's what I learned when I was 16 and arrived in Atletico's dressing
room, nobody wanted to talk to me because they were threatened. They
called me "El Nino" because nobody knew my name. I didn't like it and it
shouldn't be like that, but dressing rooms are very complicated with
players coming from different parts of the world and with different
roles.

'I was captain in Atletico at 19, playing in the same team as Demetrio
Albertini who won three Champions Leagues and Sergi Barjuan from
Barcelona, who had won everything, and they were 32, 33.

'I was a kid as captain, so I wasn't the real captain, just a kid
learning from them. I wore the armband but they were the leaders and I
learned a lot from them.

'It's not easy to come somewhere new and have to find your place. You
might feel someone doesn't like you or you might need to find new
friends, it's not easy and I don't like this kind of thing. It's not
easy, so you want to protect the players who are alone.

'I am quite shy and calm but it's very difficult to play for and support
Atletico Madrid in the same city that Real Madrid is in. They are the
biggest club in the world and you quickly learn to fight against the
injustices you feel as the smaller team.'

The one injustice Torres currently sees in the Chelsea dressing room is
the lack of space afforded him by a certain team-mate. Mata recently
admitted to the official club magazine that the former Liverpool man is
growing a little exasperated with the playmaker's messy locker next
door. Upon being asked the question, Torres responds with a simple shake
of the head. He is clearly not impressed!

'Juan? Yes. I just want to move my locker,' he says, as another smile
creeps across his face. 'It's not so bad because I want him next to me,
but I have to be on top of him all the time because it's a mess. It's a
mess. I don't know if I can describe it. There are magazines, letters,
pictures, clothes, creams, everything, he cannot open the door. If he
did it would make a bigger mess.'

Fortunately the pair are linking up better on the field, but also away
from the club there is plenty of time spent as a group.

'We go out to dinner sometimes or meet up at each other's homes to watch
TV shows we all follow,' Torres confirms. 'When you're in a new city you
try to be next to people you know, and then after that you make your own
friends but we can all join together too.'

It is this united front that has brought us success so far this season,
and delivered two trophies at the end of last. Torres readily admits he
has had to learn sacrifices for the greater good, but those who see the
effort in his performances cannot question his commitment. Last week he
received his Golden Boot award for Euro 2012, and explained individual
acclaim is not possible without superb teamwork.

'Football is a team sport and not an individual sport. We win as a team
and every individual is better if we are part of the team,' he stresses.
'If we win trophies we have the chance to win individual awards because
it comes with the team targets.

'If we win the Champions League, everyone is a better, more recognised
player, but if you win an individual award and nothing with your team,
it means nothing. You have to win with the team, and for the team.

'In your life you go through a difficult situation or a very good
situation and you have different moods, but you learn things from your
experiences.'

regards
Harry


_______________________________________________
Chelsea mailing list
Chelsea@jesternix.net
http://jesternix.net/mailman/listinfo/chelsea_jesternix.net
