Subject:DIMACS workshop on "Geological data fusion: Tackling the statistical
 challenges of interpreting past environmental change"
Dear Everyone,

Bob Kopp and Frederik Simons are organising a workshop in January, in 
New Jersey (brrr!) related to learning things about the climate from 
paleoclimate information. I've already advertised to the 
paleo-modellers, but without data there is nothing, so I hope to see 
some of you there!

jules


Geological data fusion: Tackling the statistical challenges of 
interpreting past environmental change
January 17 - 18, 2013
DIMACS Center, Rutgers University
Piscataway, NJ 08855
http://dimacs.rutgers.edu/Workshops/Geological/
which is part of the Special Focus on Information Sharing and Dynamic 
Data Analysis organized and sponsored by DIMACS.

The purpose of this workshop is to bring together leading experts and 
young research working on different areas of paleo-environmental 
analysis, united by a common interest in applying statistical methods to 
integrate diverse data sets. This workshop will focus on statistical 
approaches to overcoming these challenges and making inferences about 
the Earth's past environments. It will bring together Earth scientists, 
statisticians, applied mathematicians and computer scientists to address 
these issues. Questions of interest during the workshop include:

     How can we combine information from different geological data 
sources in an efficient and statistically rigorous manner?
     What biases are introduced into environmental interpretations by 
natural spatial and temporal filters, and how can we account for these?
     How can we use understanding of natural processes to improve data 
interpretation?
     How can statistical reconstructions of past environmental changes 
be used to improve estimates of future environmental risks?

The workshop's five thematic sessions will address:

     Paleo-temperature and inference about climate sensitivity
     Paleo-sea level and inference about ice sheet stability
     Paleo-ecology and inference about ecological change
     Paleo-environmental reconstructions and the character of the 
sedimentary record
     Spectral analysis and the identification of climatic pacemakers




-- 
Julia C Hargreaves jules@jamstec.go.jp Tel: +81-45-778-5577 (Fax 5707)
Research Institute for Global Change, JAMSTEC, 3173-25 Showamachi, 
Kanazawa-ku, Yokohama City, Kanagawa, 236-0001 Japan
http://www.jamstec.go.jp/frsgc/research/d3/jules/

GEOSCIENTIFIC MODEL DEVELOPMENT - AN EGU JOURNAL FOR DESCRIPTIONS OF 
MODELS OF THE EARTH SYSTEM
http://www.geoscientific-model-development.net
