Subject:Post-doc Position in Experimental Tree-Ring Science
A post-doctoral position is currently available at the DendroLab
(http://dendrolab.org/), University of Nevada Reno, to perform wood
anatomical studies on conifer species of the Great Basin. This position,
which has been funded by the National Science Foundation, is currently
available for one year, with a possibility of extension dependent on
performance and availability of funds. The project is closely related to =
the
NSF-EPSCoR grant that has supported the Nevada Climate-ecohydrological
Assessment Network (NevCAN), which consists of valley-to-mountaintop
instrumented transects in the Snake Range and Sheep Range of Nevada
(http://sensor.nevada.edu/NCCP). A number of environmental parameters =
are
being monitored at the transect locations, including atmospheric, =
pedologic,
and vegetational ones. The successful applicant will be part of a
multi-disciplinary, multi-institutional team that includes UNR, the =
Desert
Research Institute (DRI), and the University of Nevada, Las Vegas =
(UNLV).
This project is also part of an ongoing collaboration between the =
DendroLab
and Prof. Hubert Morin's team at the D=E9partement des Sciences =
Fondamentales,
Universit=E9 du Qu=E9bec =E0 Chicoutimi, Canada.

The post-doc will be responsible for leading the field and laboratory
research needed to test how wood formation responds to climate, with
particular emphasis on Great Basin conifers at the lower and upper =
forest
borders. We currently measure radial changes using point dendrometers at
half-hour intervals, and we plan to use repeated microcore sampling =
combined
with field manipulations and histological analysis to determine the
controlling factors of cambium activity, subdivision, elongation, and
lignification of new xylem cells during the season.

Required qualifications are an earned Ph.D. in Wood Science, Forestry,
Ecology, Biology, Geography, Applied Statistics, Environmental =
Engineering
or a related field at the time of appointment, ability to perform
interdisciplinary research, good communication skills, and a minimum of =
two
relevant peer-reviewed articles (either in press or published). Desired
qualifications include experience in wood anatomy and microtomy, a track
record in obtaining research funds, skills in computer modeling of =
spatial
and temporal processes, or in numerical analysis of large datasets. =
Annual
salary is $51,000 plus benefits. To apply, send a curriculum vitae with =
a
cover letter describing relevant research experience and interests
(including contact information for three professional references) to Dr.
Franco Biondi, fbiondi@unr.edu. Questions on the position, which will =
start
no later than January 15, 2013, can be asked either by email or by =
calling
775-784-6921.

Please bring this opportunity to the attention of any possible =
candidates,
and apologies for any cross-postings.

