Subject:READ LET ME KNOW IF YOU CAN HELP
FROM THE DESK OF: REV CHARLES TAYLOR
AUDITING AND ACCOUNTING SECTION
HSBC BANK UNITED KINGDOM ENGLAND.
 
Attention Please,
 
This message might meet you in utmost surprise, however,it's just my urgent need for foreign partner that made me to contact you for this transaction. I am a Rev, banker by profession from United Kingdom in England and currently holding the post of Director Auditing and Accounting unit of the bank.

I have the opportunity of transfering the left over funds ($125million) of one of my bank clients who died along with his entire family on 21 july 2003 in a plane crash.You can confirm the genuiness of the deceased death by clicking on this web site http://www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/07/20/kenya.crash/index.html

However, I am very much aware that he has left enough wealth that will last his generation a lifetime. The true situation at the moment is that the said amount of money was deposited with the BANK here in UK only to be paid out to a charity home.The charity home/organization would have to be picked by my law office. This implies that you will stand as the beneficiary to this Will so that the funds could be processed and transferred to your account if you are ready and in a position to assist me. You do not need to have a charity organization, all you need do is to declare your interest and show seriousness.

If you shown seriousness.further details of the transfer will be forwarded to you as soon as i receive your return mail,have a great day.
Make sure you keep this transaction as your top secret and make it confidential till we receives the fund into the account that you will provide to the bank. Do not disclose it to any body, because the secrecy of this transaction is as well as the success of it.

REPLY TO   charlestaylor1001@9.cn
                  
                   

Please, note that this will involve some money (expenses).
                            
Yours faithfully,
REV.charles taylor.

