Subject:Moss Frank.ATTORNEYS,LAWYERs & SOLICITORS
Moss Frank.ATTORNEYS,LAWYERs & SOLICITORS
E-Mail; llb.moss_frank@moso.in.th
Bangkok Thailand 10240


I am DR, MOSS FRANK, a Solicitor. I am the Personal Attorney to MR, OLIVE GREENE who used to work with Siamrak Company Limited.On the 21st of April 2007, his wife and their three children were involved in a car accident along Sukhumvit Express Road.

Unfortunately, they all lost their lives in the event of the accident. Since then I have made several inquiries to your Embassy to locate any of my client\'s relatives, this has also proved unsuccessful. After these several unsuccessful attempts, I decided to trace his relatives over the Internet to locate any member of his family but to no avail, hence, I contacted you to assist in repatriating the money left behind in Particularly bank where the deceased deposited the US$15 Million (Fifteen Million United States Dollars only).Consequently, this bank issued me a notice to provide the Next of Kin to claim the US$15 Million (Fifteen Million United States Dollars only) in their custody within the next ten official working days. Since I have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 4 years now, I seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased to claim the fund as the Next of Kin to him so that the fund will be transferred into your account by th!
e bank.


Upon receipt of the fund, I will come over to your country to meet with you for the disbursement of the fund and then you and I will share the money in this order: 60% will be for me, 40% will be for you. I have all the necessary legal documents that can back our claim we will make with the bank.

All I require is your honest co-operation to enable us seeing this deal through. I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law.

You are needed as a next of kin to be presented before the bank to inherit the fund, please i advice you to reply me back to my above private email address which is as the same as this : llb.moss_frank@moso.in.th for security reasons.

Hope to hear from you soon.

Many Thanks.

Yours Sincerely,

LLB.Moss Frank.


