Subject:IMF DIRECTIVES TO COMPLETE TRANSACTION
DEPARTMENT OF INT'L AFFAIRS

(Office of the Under Secretary)

1500 Pennsylvania Avenue NW,

Washington D.C. 20220.United States of America

Tel:+1-(206) 259-6315

Fax: +1-(206) 259-6315

                                                         Email:  timothy.geithnerustreasury@yahoo.com.ph
 

Dated: Tuesday 11th December , 2012 

 

IMF DIRECTIVES TO COMPLETE TRANSACTION

 

Strictly follow this security instruction below and do not disregard any letter from our department.

 

This message is to notify you that we have taken time to review your online email communication messages on your unsuccessful transactions with international inheritance/contract insurance and lottery organizations including foreign banks especially in Africa and United Kingdom. We want you to know that we have contacted most of these foreign banks to find out why your funds were withheld, the source of the funds and a final solution to this problem.

Conclusively, we discovered that your unpaid contract funds were not properly documented for an international fund transfer and we cannot let these foreign Banks continue to suspend your fund payment to your designated bank account.

 

Such transfer suspension was placed on your funds because majority of these international fund remittance/transfer of over the total sum of $500,000 and above to private European/Non European residence accounts abroad, usually carried out by foreign Banks, Private or Commercial Courier Companies were never properly recorded by the paying institution for future file reference/assessment by the International Monetary Fund and the Financial Services  Authority.

 

In joint alliance with the International Monetary Fund to resolve this issue, we wish to let you know that we have been approved to assist you in receiving your funds but only the total sum of Five Million United States Dollars ($5,000,000.00 USD) was approved for payment in order to enable you start up your own business.

Through the assistance of the International Criminal Police Organization (ICPO) to investigate and release suspended, withheld and/or unpaid Inheritance/Award Winning/Contract funds to its beneficiaries account abroad, we were able to gain an approval authorization letter from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) which stated that your funds will be paid to you on proper confirmation of its claim.

 

We have gone through the security manifest booklet of all international outstanding transactions and our extensive investigation confirmed that you are the original owner of this fund. Therefore, we wish to inform you again that we are now making arrangements from our department to process and pay you the outstanding debt of $5,000,000.00 USD owed to you immediately you provide the complete requirements needed for the processing of this payment.

It is very important we state that your international transactions will never be released if you ignore this message and you are therefore advised to kindly acknowledge the content of this message by providing the information below for payment formalities.

 

 -A scanned copy of your international passport or driver's license:

- Your direct mobile telephone number:
- Your present home address for document delivery:

 

 By the virtue of the provision of the law which confer on us powers to advocate, adjudicate suspend and authorize an immediate transfer of your funds internationally, we hereby state emphatically and without prejudice that should there be any information that may succeed your application for unclaimed awarded fund release that are currently deposited in most foreign banks in Europe, Asia and in Africa, please do not hesitate to provide the information so that we will know how to help you receive your funds.

 

Failure to properly reply and provide the required information above will nullify your chances of receiving your unclaimed funds and this fund will be confiscated and made to be forfeited under the Money Laundering and Other Financial Crime Prohibition Act of 2003.

 



Regards,

Timothy F. Geithner,
Senior Secretary,
Foreign Assets Control.
U.S. Department of the Treasury.
Email: timothy.geithnerustreasury@yahoo.com.ph

