Subject:STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
STRICLY CONFIDENTIAL
Date: 27th Nov, 2008.

Dear friend,


I am writing you in respect of a certain Mr. Wang Yan, who died with his 
wife and their only daughter in the Taiwanese plane crash of February 16, 
1998. Please view this link, if you 
will :http://www.cnn.com/WORLD/9802/16/taiwan.crash.update2/.

The late Mr. Wang Yan was Head Department of Foreign Exchange, Central Bank 
of Taiwan . My name is Mr.Michael Anderson , a Swiss citizen by birth, with 
African descent. I am the Treasury Manager of one of the Commercial Banks 
here in London. Please read the rest of my story and the reason for my 
writing you this mail.

The late Mr. Wang Yan was very rich by all standards and he has an account 
with this bank here in London, where I work, which he opened way back in 
1995. By the time he died in 1998, he had amasses very substantial amount 
of money in this account.

Because he died with the wife and only daughter, this account has remained 
dormant to date. His only daughter who was his next-of-kin in the account, 
died with him in the crash. And because of this, this account has remained 
inactive ever since his death, although my bank has continued to credit 
periodic interests to the amount in his account to date, which have been 
compounding to make the account grow further. This has been going on in 
these past 10 years, and nobody has come forward to ask for his money. As 
things stand now, if nobody asks for this money very soon, it will be as 
good as forfeited to the London government, hence my writing you now. I am 
absolute that No other person knows about this account or any thing 
concerning it, except me and the Chief Internal Auditor of my Bank.

Therefore, my purpose of writing you this letter, in your position and 
capacity as a non-resident, and non-citizen of London, is to request for 
your cooperation and collaboration with me, for you and I to demand for and 
indeed claim the deceased\'s money in this his bank account with my bank to 
ourselves, instead of allowing the London authority to do same. Our moral 
justification for doing so is that if we fail to do so, the bank, or London 
authority will certainly claim the money to themselves, like what had been 
happening here in the past.


Friend, your cooperation/collaboration with me in this venture is in 
evitable to it\'s success, because this money can only be released to a 
claimant that is not a London citizen and one that is domiciled outside the 
shores of London . No doubt, you fit the criteria perfectly well. My idea 
here is that our two sides will share this amount with the accrued 
interests, in agreed ratios, after it is paid to you as the supposed 
authentic next-of-kin to the deceased, because we need each other to make 
this happen.

Please take notice and get the understanding that I never wrote, implied, or 
insinuated that the late Mr. Wang Yan was your dead relation, or was related 
to you in any way, or even known to you, as I have no such evidence, or any 
reason to suggest that. I am simply and confidently telling you that the 
combination of the facts that your are a foreigner, domiciled outside the 
London and my present privileged strategic position in the subject bank, are 
more than sufficient for me to cause the money that he left in his account 
since 1998, to be legitimately, genuinely and lawfully paid in your favour, 
as if you were indeed related to him actually; the fact that you are not, 
notwithstanding. And you and I will not be committing any crime by doing so. 
Thus, I am also hereby guaranteeing you before hand, that this project will 
be done according to internationally accepted standards of practice and 
morals only.

Essentially, I need you to organize the reception and custody of the money 
in any bank account, in any country outside London , which may, or may not 
be your home country, or country of your normal domicile, until we share the 
money in the end. My own duty is to arrange and cause our bank to effect, 
the hitch-free movement/payment of the funds from the bank here to such your 
chosen destination and doing so in the most legitimate, lawful and ethically 
acceptable manner. To do this effectively, I have also gotten the 
cooperation of the Head of the International banking Dept of this our bank 
and the Chief Internal Auditor of my bank, whom I have co-opted in this 
project and who are already working with me here on the project now. What is 
even more interesting about this project is that you are not required to 
put up, or pay even a dime of your own money in the project. Therefore, 
what else can you ask for in this project, or could one wish for, better 
than 
this?

There is currently $27,525, 300.00, (Twenty Seven million, five hundred and 
twenty five thousand, three hundred US Dollars only) in the said account , 
plus the compounded accumulated interests that have accrued to this sum from 
1998 to date, all of which we will be asking the bank to pay to us, in your 
names and favour, vide Swift transfer(s), or cashier\'s cheques/checks. This 
US$17,525,300 plus interests, is the amount I am telling you that we have to 
pay to you wherever you want it paid and thereafter, we will share, or re-
invest and own same, upon mutually agreed ratios. The above amount will be 
to our mutual benefits and be ours legitimately too . Out of this amount, I 
am proposing for your consideration, that you will be entitled to one third 
of the $27,525,300.00, (Seventeen Million, Five Hundred and Twenty Five 
thousand, three Hundred US dollars only), which is at least US$9,175,100 
(Nine million, One hundred and seventy-five thousand, One hundred US 
Dollars, {Plus1/3 of all interests that have accrued on this sum from 1998 
to date}, as your commission/share, upon the completion of the project.

Again, in order not to run foul of the Patriot Act, or any other such laws 
that may be in force anywhere, we can as well move this fund in many 
installments of smaller bits of say $8.0m , or less at a time, if you want. 
However, appropriate documentations, official authorizations and clearances 
for this inheritance will accompany any sum being sent to you, to show the 
source, legitimacy and legality of the payment. But whether we will 
eventually be remitting the said funds to you en bloc, or installmentally, 
the appropriate documentations, official authorizations and clearances for 
this inheritance will first be processed and gotten for the total 
inheritance in a one-off manner.

Moreover everything about this transaction will be done in a most civilized 
and non-criminal way, which must be according to internationally acceptable 
standards of practice and morals. In addition there is no risk of failure, 
or legal, or security problems, or prosecutions etc, for anybody in the 
transaction both now and in the future. Therefore, need I say again that you 
will indeed not regret your choice of doing this transaction with me at all?

I therefore very earnestly ask for your sincerest cooperation in this 
project and I will be very glad to give you some specifics as you may demand 
from me, as soon as you have confirmed your interest in this proposal.

Please give me your urgent reply in very strict confidence, by email first 
and we will proceed from there, but I prefer you contact me via e-mail: 
michaelanderson044@yahoo.co.jp first, for a start.

Yours very Sincerely

Michael  Anderson 
                  
