Subject:.




I have been directed to inform you by the board of trustees as one of the
final recipients of a cash Grant/Donation for your own
personal,educational, and business development. The Sacred World
Foundation established 1975 by the Multi-Million groups and companies in
Europe having their corporate head office in UK was conceived with the
objective of human growth, educational, and community development.
To celebrate the 31st anniversary program, The Sacred World Foundation is
giving out a yearly donation of 5,000,000pounds (Five Million Great
British Pounds) each to 30 lucky recipients. These specific
Donations/Grants will be awarded to 30 lucky international recipients
worldwide; in different categories for their personal business developmen=
t
and enhancement of their educational plans. At least 15% of the awarded
funds should be used by you to develop a part of your. This is a yearly
program, which is a measure of universal development strategy. Environmen=
t
the objective is to make a notable change in the standard of living of
people all around the Universe (From America to Europe, Asia to Africa an=
d
all around). The Sacred World Foundation has been assured of highest
organization standard courtesy of the United Nations. It is our belief
that we can achieve a great positive change in the general welfare of the
universe through this program.
That is why the foundation is doing everything possible to get all
recipients notified of their donation.
Note that your country is not the only country that is benefiting from
this donation. Beneficiaries have been chosen from countries from all
continents. The idea of this donation is that within ten years from now,
there will be notable richness among many unusual people around the world=
.
This will give many people the opportunity to get their lives to a stage
where they had always wanted.
Kindly note that you will only be chosen to receive the donation
once,which means that subsequent yearly donation will not get to you
again.Take time and thought in spending the donation wisely on something
that will last you a long time. Recipients are only eligible to be awarde=
d
this donation once. Based on the random selection exercise of internet
websites and millions of supermarket cash invoices worldwide, you were
selected among the lucky recipients to receive the award sum of
5,000,000pounds (Five Million Great British Pounds) as charity
donations/aid from The Sacred World Foundation , in accordance with the
enabling act of Parliament. (Note that all beneficiaries email addresses
were selected randomly from over 600,000 internet websites or a shop's
cash invoice around your area in which you might have purchased something
from).
A qualification form will be sent to you to fill and returned as soon as
you acknowledge this notification email with your interest in receiving
the Cash Grant. You are to contact the 31st Anniversary Secretary with th=
e
information below:
Name: Sir Maxwell Gilbert
Email: sacredfoundation@strompost.info
Mobile Number: +44 70457 09718.
31st Anniversary Secretary
The Sacred World Foundation
All information is strictly confidential and will only be used for the
purpose to which it is been requested. Please note that these
donations/Grants are strictly administered by The Sacred World Foundation=
.
This means that your qualification number will be raffled to know the
organization (ECOWAS or EU) that will handle your payment. You are to kee=
p
this whole information confidential until you have been able to collect
your donation, as there have been many cases of double and unqualified
claim, due to beneficiaries informing third parties about his/her
donation.
Finally, all funds should be claimed by their respective beneficiaries, n=
o
later than 15 days after notification. Failure to do so will mean
cancellation of that beneficiary and its donation will then be reserved
for next year recipients.
On behalf of the Board kindly, accept our warmest congratulations.
Faithfully Yours,
Lady (Mrs.) Rose Gilbert.
Image maker
The Sacred World Foundation
