Subject:{Spam?} I pray you reply
Good day,

I am Mrs. Akimoto Walkins a citizen of Japan but currently residing in  
Bangkok Thailand. I am married to Late Jeffery Walkins of blessed  
memory who was an oil explorer in Yemen and Kuwait for twelve years  
before he died . We were married for twelve years without a child, he  
died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days.

Since his death I too have been battling with both Cancer of the lungs  
and fibroid problems. When my late Husband was alive he deposited a  
substantial amount of money worth USA$1,200,000.00 (One Million Two  
Hundred Thousand United States Dollars Only) with a Financial  
Institution in Thailand which I inherited after his death. Just  
recently, my doctor told me that I have only 2 month to live due to my  
unfortunate ailment. Having known my condition I decided to hand over  
this funds to a devoted God fearing individual/organization that will  
utilize this money for charity purpose and to help the needy the way I  
am going to instruct therein. I want the individual to use this money  
in all sincerity to fund charity homes (motherless homes), orphanages,  
and widows. I took this decision because I don't have any child that  
will inherit this money and my husband relatives are into radical  
organization (DRUGS) and I don't want a situation where this money  
will be used in an unholy manner, Hence the reasons for this bold  
decision.

Please, pray for me to recover as your prayers will go a long way in  
uplifting my spirit. I don't need any telephone communication in this  
regard because of my health condition which has seriously affected my  
hearing and also because of the presence of my husband's relatives  
around me always for I don't want them to know about this development.

As soon as I receive your reply on Email: I shall give you further  
directives on what to do and how to go about actualizing this project.  
I want you to always pray for me. Any delay in your reply will give  
room in sourcing for an organization or a devoted Individual for this  
same purpose. Until I hear from you by email, my dreams will rest  
squarely on your shoulders.

Remain blessed,
Mrs. Akimoto Walkins.


----------------------------------------------------------------
This message was sent using IMP, the Internet Messaging Program.


-- 
This message has been scanned for viruses and
dangerous content by MailScanner, and is
believed to be clean.


