Subject:MiniMecca Cold Beer Challenge
Just a long overdue shout out to WFIB members.... we're running a little fun contest to predict the date of agreement between players and owners on a CBA.  Please join us at fansinblack.com and get your prediction in.

If uyou have any login or account problems, please email me directly at:
quartermasterq@hotmail.com

-Q

Here's the details of the challenge...

MiniMecca Cold Beer Challenge: 
Pick the Date of CBA Agreement

OK, I'm running a simple little "for fun" contest. It is a simple poll where you guess the month and day that the: 
NFL owners and players officially announce an agreement on a new collective bargaining agreement.

This does not mean the exact date of actual ppen to paper signing of documents. Rather it is the day when an official spokesperson for BOTH entities makes a statement to the press declaring the deal is done. Not a deal is imminent, but an agreement has officially been made.  If for any reason only one makes the statement on a date and the otrher on another date, then the first date is used.

OK, now read the rules below to find out how it works, then submit your entry:

1. One entry per person.
2. The entry must be in the form of a post under this thread.
3. Any editing of your post after submitting disqualifies the entry.
4. The entry must be posted in the following format: Month day (all dates assume 2011 - but year can be added if you wish)
5. I reserve the right to change the rules or further clarify them at any time.
6. The winner will receive an ice cold beer courtesy of me at this years' MiniMecca (to be held the weekend of Oct 21st-23rd).
7. Must be over 21 to receive winning.
8. If you can't make the MiniMecca, I will PayPal you $5 or pay up the beer at a later date.
9. If more than one person submits the correct date, the top 5 with the correct date and the earliest posted submissions will have 1 week to submit an answer to a followup challenge.
10. Any posts made the day before the actual announcement of an agreement are null and void.

The contest ends when we have a CBA agreement.

