Subject:MAKE EXTRA INCOME!
Hello,

We are currently seeking to employ individual's world wide. How would you
like to make money by simply driving your car advertising for JOHNNIE
WALKER.

How it works

Here's the basic premise of the "paid to drive"

Concept: JOHNNIE WALKER seeks people -- regular citizens, professional
drivers to go about their normal routine as they usually do, only with an
advert for "JOHNNIE WALKER" plastered on your car. The ads are typically
vinyl decals, also known as "auto wraps" that's almost seem to be painted on
the vehicle and which will cover any portion of your car's exterior surface.

What does the company get out of this type of ad strategy? Lots of exposure
and awareness. The auto wraps tend to be colorful, eye-catching and attract
lots of attention. Plus, it's a form of advertising with a captive audience,
meaning people who are stuck in traffic can't avoid seeing the wrapped car
alongside them. This program will last for 3 months and the minimum you can
participate is 1 month.

You will be compensated with $400 per week which is essentially a "Rental"
payment for the use of space. No fee is required from you, "JOHNNIE WALKER"
shall provide experts that would handle the Advert placing on your Car.

After the duration of your services and you want to discontinue, the
specialist/ expert shall come again and remove the advert placement on your
car with no traces of ever placing a vinyl decals on your vehicle. 

You will receive an up front payment of $400 inform of check via courier
services for accepting to carry this advert on your car. It is very easy and
simple, No application fees required, Contact the E-mail along with the
information's as requested, if you are interested in this offer.

Kindly fill this information's below-

Full Name:
Address:
City:
State:
Zip code:
Make of car/ year:
Telephone numbers 
Home:
Mobile:

-Christopher Blake- Agent No: 0233sn.

You will be contacted as soon as this information's is received.

Kind Regards,

Christopher Blake
Hiring consultant
Alpha advertising Agency

Disclaimer: If you are not the intended recipient, you must not copy,
distribute or use it for any purpose, nor disclose its contents to any other
person. Any views or opinions presented in this email are solely those of
the author and do not necessarily represent those of the company. The
company will not accept any liability in respect of such communication and
the employee responsible will be personally liable for any damages or
liability arising from, but not limited to, defamatory statements,
infringement of copyright or any other legal right. Please delete the email
and notify the sender immediately if you receive this in error.

