Subject:GOOD DAY
Dear Friend,                                      

I hope this mail gets to you in the best frame of mind. I am sorry if I am intruding into your privacy by contacting you through this means, since we do not know each other physically.  I actually got your email from your country's web-directory and I decided the best thing to do is contact you and tell you my story; I do hope you listen with your heart as you read through my"Letter". The fact is that I have been directed by the spirit of humanity to you hoping you will be fair enough to respond to this task that I shall b eputting forward to you. As you rightly know, our today's world is governed by greed, wickedness, hostility and hatred. People no longer feel safe dealing with close friends, relatives, neighbors and loved ones and trust are often betrayed by people you least expected.

I am sorry for not introducing myself to you before now. I am Goran Anders Bjornsson from Sweden but now undergoing medical treatment in doctor's hospital Bahamas. I worked with the Saudi Aramco's for 30Years in Saudi Arabia for over a decade I married for 40 years without a child. My Husband left Millions,Properties and Companies with me. He died after a brief illness that lasted for two weeks. I do not fancy racial discrimination and am not a religious fanaticso if you are one of those that thinks his or her religion or race is superior to that of other persons; please do me the favor of not replying this mail. Ihave spent over 65 good years in this world and have witness the beautiful and uglysides of life. I have learnt not to view life from one perspective because life itself is very unpredictable. My reason for contacting you is to combine our ideas and dedication to touch the lives of the less-privilege in some part ofthe world so that a good name and legacy would be !
 left after our time on earth.

I am actually in the hospital sending this mail to you as I have experience done trauma after the other. Medical experts have informed me I might never liveto survive this ailment that has plagued the last few years of my life. This is because this deadly ailment has affected my vital organs. Somehow, since the doctor had confirmed my situation that I will not live long I have decided to give out my money to the poor. Deposited the sum of 25,000,000.00 (Twenty Five Million Great British Pounds Sterling) with my Bank. Presently,this money is still there. I now feel safer dealing with strangers than people I know due to constant betrayals I have received from loved ones. Nowadays,only few people think about assisting orphanage homes and other charityorganizations around the world due to self-contentedness. The rich are gettingricher at the expense of the poor. Please respond to this mail as soon as you finish reading to let me know your opinion about assisting the less-privile!
 ge.

With God all things are possible. As soon as I receive your reply mail Via this email address: andersgoran@yandex.com I shall give you the contact of the Bank. I will also issue them a letter of authority and change of ownership certificate that will empower you as the original beneficiary of this fund, through my Lawyer. I want you to always pray for me.My happiness is that I lived a life worthy of emulation. Whosoever that wants to serve the Almighty must serve him with all his heart and mind and soul and also in truth. Please always be prayerful all through your life. Any delay inyour reply will give me room in sourcing for an individual for this same purpose. Please assure me that you will act according to my specification herein. Hope to hear from you soonest.

Thank you and May the Almighty God bless you.

Regards,
Goran A. Bjornsson

